You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epiphanies.
And you know, an epiphany generally is something that I fell down somewhere.
You just have to turn into the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Brooklyn.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, at Stanford, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When you beat up to bleeding every week in the kids' bathroom, until a teacher saved me.
She saved my life when I allowed to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from town.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post he said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to meet.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospitally.
We found a place, we tried it, and we take care of it, and we got rid of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as a adult came to meet him, he became a box of ashes and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today, I'm talking about this a lot.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first iceberg.
I was amazed.
My heart dates fast, I was amazed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg to me around me supply in the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snowflake on the one year of snow year after year.
The iceberg is born when they're spread from glaciers or they break the ice walls.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to give up, and they're clinging up to the end, whereas others can't afford it more and they fall into a dramatic passion aircraft.
It's easy to think, when you look at a iceberg, that you're separated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As an iceberg melts rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these things as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way, and they won't get back in that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuum of their way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The latest pictures I'd like to show you are from an iceberg I photographed in Kespana, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to really get a radical iceberg.
Here you have.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is an average Greenland iceberg.
It's about 120 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you name, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a baby . Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the chromosome X chromosome is joined to the X chromosome.
Both press and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my ground activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluids, the idea of the body, what they've thought about about the body.
The other role in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, imperfecting people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people inside a body.
I've been working with emotional people, people much lower than the average.
And I've been working with lots of cases of outliers with outliers, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in conventional male schemes and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it interesting.
Interpection adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't fit in the common or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual with X-ray X-ray whose growth SR of the chromosome, and he tells the protocols, that we all have in the fetal life, they become testicles.
And then, in the beautiful life, testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks from testosterone receptor, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insecurities.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops a typical feminine course.
When it's born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And, often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something's going on.
After making tests, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Superconducted glands produce aggression, the hormone's hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman; he doesn't know their criminal structure; I think to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the adversaries.
We produce adversities and we respond to the Indians.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to adversities than the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of invisibility to the adversaries.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the investors are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they will vary; he had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a supercomputer superconducted collapse.
I had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the Russian glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were marriages, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
He was born with a child; nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by the internal menstrual, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interest.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as opportunities, which is to say, they have foreign tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason you kids with these kinds of bodies, I'm sick, simple twins, or investors are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that it's a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy is carrying a particular identity.
We have the idea that being female is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Really simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have a problem with it.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of the individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born as two people within a body.
The very recent case is last year with the South African corridor Carl Serdian; it was put in a trial of judgment in the International Games of Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine if Casey seminar is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such an exam.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or men and intersections and intersections, and we are we who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we get the science, the more we need to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable atomic categories that are running directly with stable identity categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a strange terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to accept from the fact of defining them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in a uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're sending are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realms of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the ones of the fetus.
There are very same arguments today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to dress with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it was moved yet, they wouldn't be buried.
If I stopped moving it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I'm defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To make these categories are much more unstable than we think about it.
Tank from the concept point of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admired fervent from the founding fathers.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find every so much looking at that music,``1776 ,"not by music, which is totally approaching.
It's what happened in 1776 with the founding fathers.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activist activists and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everybody remembers, what our founding parents were, was the idea of the monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear of the idea of birth.
They had blue blood concept.
They were from the idea that the political power was made by the blood right transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game camp and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the atomic differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system that they were getting two things.
The democracy was being held at the same time the science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding fathers, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading out of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vagina idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came to the Civil Rights movement, with people from the Sunday Trade ratings, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people in color that would take the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Department of disability.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to get to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old, they were allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are concerned at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concerns in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary, born three months before: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms -- March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact that I've been born three months before Mary is attributed to every rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other features in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- while I haven't told you if it's 11, in virtue of being considered man now, it's passive for the mandatory of the fact that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, on its part, does not have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science goes forward in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that an anatomy based on anatomy could be destroyed?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time I feel like science is scanned.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to grab the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain moment has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make regular tests to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the adversaries.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I have a solution . ''
It says we should judge people,``based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how does it do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to ensure people rights, because I've been able to admit that I know some of the flowers that probably deserve more social services than I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do we put the issue of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this current thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted for other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to join a sex change, in which case they're allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had made a couple of years to light, and then separate them and to get up their fame.
But when on the phone, I asked the reason for the operation, I was a very risky operation, and it responded to me that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and therefore I had to.
And I said,``Well, has it considered political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and it's that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical typography, in particular if there are people thinking of group.
For years, since I've been interested in the interest, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I'm interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transitional studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist, as I was now made a strange plant.
\" Tell me what's got the feminist . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminist has to do with undo gender stereotypes, so there is nothing female in the feminist . ''
But the more I've thought about her question, the more I have seemed to be a female in the feminist.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people in the state, it's possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect union, let's think about what we do for the others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose between a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with one city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world dozens, maybe hundreds, new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners, and the other half would still be missing to achieve it.
They could try to increase capacity by making progress in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you would face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have standards to avoid the nuisance and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all of those angles.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction rather than putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name: low cities.
Later I found out that roughly at the same time, Java and West were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year around 75,000 Honduras would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honorbies went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Diet Lab was widely implemented with a platform in which he promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked West to be his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a huge amount of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes a lot of technologies like rules to progress, and usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the 2010 fall, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jupiter.
They called me.
They said,``Let's show this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice -- land that, in some cases, is worth thousands per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, he said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the ground is a place where it starts with unemployed terrain, a state that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not to live under those standards.
So the president of Honduras called me, and told me we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Georgia and talk about new four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the Honduras that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody completely applauded.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalks.
And this explained the essential thing -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city to which you could go in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the Honduras government leaders need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the partners associated with that they would help them establish and make the standards of the status, so that they could all be trusted that the statue effectively turned out.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily fit a thousand square kilometers.
And soon later, January 19, voted in Congress to encourage their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just happened for this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 1424 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, the respect.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voting, from 1914 to one.
Immediately after the voting , 21 to 24 of February, a development of about 30 Honduras was to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after the four years getting the permission.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this very practical, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come, and it would allow it to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people saying that they'd immediately like to change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job; sometimes they're single mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothing.
Unfortunately, sometimes even there are kids trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What seems to think about insisting so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my courage.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public confession, and it's, I live with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, attracted, colorful and different suits for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and second stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garage in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buy it becomes my personal treasure quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my shop?
Am I like the color?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
Going back to my courage, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
Run inside for exactly a week is all I've put in my vagina.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking through TED in inner clothing, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket, cost me 55, and is the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a brilliant red plant.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is superingenial.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you're around the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Guigh of the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the offspring, or I remind you to your little five-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you're looking good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: One universal truth six words for you: Dollar elephants go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: developing a personal, single personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to come into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we used a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where would you take your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the ingredients of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they are mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logic to focus these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now, some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't go with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
He was a little kid, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell.
But I bet that play with that parking bar teaches a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow the transmission, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these little little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago; needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't really fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal record.
What we see is a little bit of metal, and it's a form of springboard, and it would be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this fragmentation with a swimming ball that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that's stored and the wind that goes on to the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to exploit all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract the entire air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're alone in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly clear, I was vibrating . And the way I saw was like a breath in this form -- like a flag that expands and contract.
And by giving a soft push, we were able to make it vibrate and not live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that a living thing and doesn't live at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are still on the same time, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving down and down.
It's just in certain days when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're delivering.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, what it does means that the entire piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
He's worth imprisoned in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you also?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was sliding in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are . And that's the profound lack of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss, and it allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure it, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are lots of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is explained simply on this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education -- I didn't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork works.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better that I show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So simply, we go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
It's the Fable Galapaya, MoMA, the Emergency, the Kitzhari, the Goal Goal.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, the Metallance, the New York Art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, bam! We're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and, with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
They go ahead . They're fun.
Let's explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Hospitals"by Peter Brother in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign C.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data of metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the geometric technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can make sleep around very simple ways.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to get a lot of it.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this looks interesting . ''
I went in and found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little research, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit a piece with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth, and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the picture, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to MoMA in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night state . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and really it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the star night ,"I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, and I created this function I call``The Power of the Romantic ,"-- we just made a zoo around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery in London.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it does justice to your artwork, and it's incredibly represented online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in Formula 1's careers in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a Farm 1 race, I took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, called the real time system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an actor.
What's interesting today is that real time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the open air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
The cities are a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond the cities, all these perceptions and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paolo Antarctica for a year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk Uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In some sense it's almost like the old angel of Michelangelo ...
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses, it's said that at the end, he took the hammer and I threw it into the Moses, and you can still see a little bottle underneath and he said,``Percy didn't talk?"( Why don't you talk? )
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I'm feeling in the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of them remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end, Ziddley gave the head.
And anyway, at the end, it won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tibet River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
For the early afternoon there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Gold de France . Italy of Italy.
Entrepreneur; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End time.
First extra time, second.
Ziffer, and in a moment, the head.
Man Italy, yeah!
That night, everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went into the center at the meeting of the winning team and the first minister.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called circus Masseum where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another example quick detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway would take.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results obtained.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist before.
complicated things are happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw out a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Association Buddha, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zurara.
It all began with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves, sleep valves, glasses that open and close.
It creates like a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go through, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell mayor.
She likes a lot.
And it gave a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it the Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no windows, no windows, but when you approach it, you open up so you can go.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the wages, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said,``Give the building . ''
No, it's not that they have done it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not move by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zurrar came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let go, but a building I kept doing cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to not move.
And for us, it was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about using the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it's a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of flexible screen like this with normal configurations in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could have a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida control, going down to form an V, as before.
When the light turns out, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bowl -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York Metropolitan star, and the Museum of Milan to capture their movements in 3D and use them as entrance for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of clouds like the grain of grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is we can make people involved to do this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to share to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's both a physical cloud of heaven as something you can rise to, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves?
How about living with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience Member: Creativity) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It's probably the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been an issue here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor about the subject.
The great 20th century of the 20th century, TV . Operators, who also drove at the Church Orthodox Church, wrote a essay essay,``Nothing in biology makes a sense of the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, the most of us.
We fall from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervals there have been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back and back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin; but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, from which the pancreas comes out.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take the most bacterial gut that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damascus puts him out of automation -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very contact.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It's actually like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force force to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what's the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inconvenience of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company; the animal kingdom, as one and only companies -- and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was in college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes presidential.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to talk to you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, September, sexually, dead by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went through, it had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burns's feelings, who still act in Las Vegas well in their 90s.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent language of clothes.
And he looks at it, and he says,``I came in for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I chose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted to keep us healthy.
I wanted to reclaim health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation -- adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are kind of like designed shelter rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital burden, and then let us go to the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily promote longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best creatures adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the terrorists that can survive the heat of the smoke that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked, yet they've managed to make that an agreed environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've made our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, we circle, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen.
A second possibility is that there's a traditional evolution of the traditional, natural, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution roll slowly, but they are inevitable.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species, the distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, terrifying possibility.
The neurological call, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First to consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more valuable than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected at the individual and family level.
Also think that if it could be possible to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but in their own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate support?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and it was 13 years old.
It cost 250 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost close to the $20,000.
It's not going to fail a lot for the human genome for $1,000, and it's going to be increasingly aware of all of us.
Those changes come.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing up in cells from a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then only two other changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if they could change sperm and egg, or change the newly perfect egg, and give their children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the homosexuality, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt superconducted spirituality -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and faster?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted to the evolution of before the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it at 1,000 years old, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or their grandchildren's grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better, more successful, more thoughtful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or wrong, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, click.
Clear, click, click . It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one I could talk to with flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already lived the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
I took the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most devastating words I've heard.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later, I was a phrase, which is,``Collection came bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we went through the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I did, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
You feel wonder.
I'm not trying to be right; choose will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for this all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, crying, like a little.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Over all, the only goal that I have in life is to be a good parent.
I got a miracle, not to die that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live otherwise.
You're flying today, the challenges that you imagine that you're going to happen to you in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do you do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are you being the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graffiti in the '80s.
A day came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel a story on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TED, and to his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, it's not that -- I see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important, you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anybody see the movie``The Schemes and the butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're driving with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
He engaged me with her brother and her father there at that very moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who you have so much inside you can't communicate . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GR``Gravity Research Lab ,"who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, they draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that they appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we touch the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it a dodo because speaking with the guy, you get an email from him, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world, literally from every single corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, moved into the back garage, and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and architects took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and when we went back would have taken the walls out of the walls, and instead would have graffiti.
But for two weeks, we were programming, we went to the marine seat of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Texas, and you can see the description.
They're a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the shipping floor of Venice Beach, some copper wire and home Department and Radio Department.
We take a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself, we publish the free code, the software goes down in a free form.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any disabled person today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So, at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDMED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this black and antenna during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system in your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends, and they would imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to cut in parking, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said to us,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me, and I would take it out so that I could breathe . ''
Isn't that wonderful?
In some ways that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
Now, the best thing -- and this is what you've finished about closing the circle is that in April this year at the Republic of the McDonald in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best expose of the Bronx urban art, Sherglame Faire, CSA all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is quite impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Islamic nothingness was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we meet something we feel that you have to do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years to get into situations generally very difficult and at the same time.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
I film in war areas -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in a horrible appearance with the only goal to try and look at social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully to analyze them in a way that they look trained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew it would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took an eBay plane.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was the next thing:``Let's say,``Let's say, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about, and you could explore it in your face, especially if you put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it . ''
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you'd asked me a year ago, I couldn't be able to tell them a year ago.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, for something as hard or as dangerous as going into the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Supreme: I want to make a film that's about the production of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that everything above the top, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the Apple that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Custom Statist, the Stage Center.
These people are going to be being used to the film, for the time.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kasb: It's redundant .) That's what? (MK: It's redundant .) Perfect, forever?
I'm a redundant period . (MK: Just say it .) It was more for emphasis.
It was``To Perpetual . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that we can get all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most cool car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best swallow you've been drinking,``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Kevin Korea: The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: Making you fund the film) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The complete film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from principle to end.
And I would love to love you to make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
GG: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: All right) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard for the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudy: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for film or to be me?
JK: Both.
MS :
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Good .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yes . (MK: That's the challenge) When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera"meant we have a conversation outside microphone.
The camera means,``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as much people as possible, to make so many people look at it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media, and the separate media scenario, is not the idea to tell that new attention worthy of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a farmer mistake, and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what represents this image.
See, when you search for transparency images in Google, it appears -- this is one of the first images that you show.
I like your golden way, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by visibility or information analysis, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president the name, even the CEOs are named.
But suddenly when it comes to making it really changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'm going to eat a whole bowl of Cool Whitney.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies, and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story . ''
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at him as he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Brush for many years I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take out the middle and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who do big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies, giant, they say the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically to Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open up my buttons, you'll see the Bang Department.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there's one of these fabulous drones.
So much``Furamer Florida"like``Paradise winds"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women; solid, both board, bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a promised look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the smaller kind of movies that you said; ; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering it Ben to people is the reason why we're interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bay?
band is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think``cool"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool.
How do you keep your breath longer? With better failure, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who are running the benefits.
MS: And that's a billionaire company.
What about me? What about a common type?
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the ordinary Pepsi.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like good clothing.
Woman: It's going to be the '80s, pathogen paper, unless it's damaging.
MS: Okay, so what is the Jerry brand?
Gehry: Something unique . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I have accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand that could be a classic conversation, Merces Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it casual flight.
Woman 2: In part hippie, in part yogurt, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
It's selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I bring the marketing.
Man 5: Man school failure.
Is that something something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be branding Tom, but I often classify me in the intersection of dark glamour, and I flew off.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could come into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the``branding personality . ''
And I found a company called Olympics Zalanian in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neanderthals, February, Halloween to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Bring pictures, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are original, and they start in a place, and in my case, they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is,``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: Tell me the``why"-- for what it does?
What's the male? What's the pop-up phase of paper you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
It doesn't have to be afraid . What kind of Russian mountain you are?
MS: Ow! (Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work .) (MS: Thank you very much .) Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Linda Zalanian: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the Morgan Supreme brand is a conscious brand.
You get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that they're not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit, and you make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see it also here to Target, Wii, Mini Cooper and Jetrison.
Now there are medical brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and came, but a political brand is quite powerful.
MS: A political brand . What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an attacker? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
a little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
And the adjacent attributes are like being playful to be a president like Prince, contemporary, adventurous, trapped or audacious like Erazy flowers, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magical or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more about debate?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 50s?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protection, you identify with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, safe, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Norway?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, angels and descendants, they said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of neurogenesis, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising air.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no roads, there are no posters, no steering, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing the way in school problems in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the most of which I've been more successful is those where I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the inmates, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is being estimated at the Seattle Festival, let's look at a look.
According to Burgenses, the movie is in January, and since then -- and this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in Strange.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talk about, they were taking care of their clients not being part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, it's pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in your risk, you're preparing your whole company to get rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people who don't have a fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give it a place.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We embrace fear . We embrace the risk.
A knife at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We embrace transparency"has been presented by my good EM friends who, by $7,100 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
MG: By making great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: So,``We embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in name of transparency, who happened exactly with those $1,149?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check at the name of the matrix of TED, the Shanghai Foundation, a check for $1,114 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the computer worm Stanford is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in Nathan.
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems.
If we manage these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to find this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows install.
The game goes into the gray box, damages the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is terrifying; it mission accomplished.
It's easy, eh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research on Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex in Windows's part: the installation used multiple dust vulnerabilities.
It seemed to be doing something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That struck us, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Smith, and we saw what happened to this.
So, very strange things happened.
Stuxnet behaved as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese: I wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought,``This is a targeted attack . ''
It's completely targeted . ''
The installation is actively looking for the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
No, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
It's better than we're going to discover the goal soon.
So we extracted, and we downloaded the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points why to attack.
They probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Institute of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked for at the beginning was called to the system functions, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at terrorists and data structures, and we tried to relate them with the real world, with goals of the real world.
We need theories about destiny that we could approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent symbol, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National energy plant.
So I told my assistant,``Take a list of all the experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I consulted them in an effort for driving their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital airplane with the control of the engine.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotors, you can certainly burn it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and puzzling in an obvious effort to go back crazy to maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital liver looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 163 is in that code, it can't be obvious.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these centrifuge centers are built in Natasha, and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 165 contractions.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands.
So that they haven't misunderstood: it wasn't.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We didn't usually end up in the streets, and we had to start.
Yet, we discovered that both digital insects were pointing on one and same goal, but from different angles.
And the little bit of a waterfall is taking a waterfall, and making the buttons turn and release them, and the big oxygen is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the dynamic is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry about other goals being achieved by Stuxnet.
I'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values for example, of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are programmed by Stuxnet.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security camera feeds from video precipice.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to cut the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to cut a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, on an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is happening, you have to open escape valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And not the operators or the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, using uranium.
It could work also, for example, on an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a attacker who will design this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
It's the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you're going to end up with, it's a brain of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Mississippi is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langley: OK, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the Moss is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you for joining us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and you can give the bush skills, or another one that makes wheelchair users go up and walk.
In``Berkeley Bionics"called these robots, explosions.
It's nothing different from something that's put in the morning, gives you a great force, that you also increase your speed, and help you, for example to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other foreign ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier that, on average, has to take a load of 45 pounds, and you're getting it getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage of back.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Now, let me introduce you to the HAL -- or I'm a universal Human Cards.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton, I can cover 90 pounds per variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put in clubs to drag and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Eight Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that will start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years old -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that aging it rapidly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EEG that's using Amanda Blues who 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Blocks: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give the motors into the hip, and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing downstream, it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all the sensation and all the pen movement down.
Shortly time, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I was stolen to the last hope of my self.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to slow down in skis, climbing rocks and even riding on hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, all of us.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Bureau of Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've made too much swollen in this way in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying, social society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the technique itself -- scenario of violent conflict that has spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
Heart meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as apes``love, not war ,"because they have frequent, promiscuous and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the South Bank.
The bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their whole life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity, behavior diversity, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique little videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``it's made out of the balls . ''
Just that I think in this case, he loves, right?
Yes.
So sexual play is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play as the testicles and also how the game requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is professional.
The game is professional, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is rediscover.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukbaga, a young female, who's playing with a random water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation comfort.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the most urgent.
So, primate partners, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer bomb body.
And in our city, where volunteers get a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the place of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But still, there was a race against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was focused on a conversation with the property that certainly passed one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside the rain, under a parachute, in pajamas, barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just got before I, called Lewis Luther came first to the captain, and he asked him to go and save the dog's dog dog.
The dog! I was so jealous . ''
There was a lawyer or a money gesture that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an addition.
He said,``Bezos, I need to be in the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the real firemen, which at that height, I was finished to turn out the fire and went into the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back down the ladder where I met my nomadic and the precious dog in the main door.
We got out of the house the teachers for home owner where, as it was to wait, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of the house by agricultural enough to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at over the other was that somebody had reached it even a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hood as in my voice as a volunteer firefighter, I'm witness of the acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're going to achieve, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you, you don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, tell them now.
They're looking at food in a dining.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So I train the game; they save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, comes back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LGBT bricks came to all the homes.
It's estimated that you've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick, about others to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there is a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Literature is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing is that they're coming together through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making higher circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an intentional light.
We add this timbre to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, litigation are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solve, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make you blink faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to to use.
Lucas, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids literally to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken the design schools to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with litigation as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and chicken, we have George creating ...
( Mechanical sound) A weeks ago, we took the designers of Rhode Island School designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a cannon of conference active.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh, which is afraid of the darkness.
For these not engineers, litigation became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to the reach of everyone.
So, litigation has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries today.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is to get involved with the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit of it.
We can -- we can get better we left the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called``Code for America"and they would be like a Peace for Peace.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending the Third World, we send them to the wild municipal world.
They did great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
This is a city of Boston City.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is that someone cleans it up when it gets trapped by snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help this way so singular?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members from Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was looking last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else: that citizens cleaned the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept to clean it up when it comes.
When you do that, you put a name in this case, in this case.
If you don't do it, somebody can rotate.
It's a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it extends in viral form.
A city responsible for the city of Honolulu to see this application realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami signals.
It's very important that these tsunami Sirens works, but people steal the batteries.
That's why he asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the spacecraft.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they're snow.
So now we know from nine cities that they plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done for the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California, which now has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form, it's a kind of target of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the better ways to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of advanced institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good, because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't given up with the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And it's that if we leave the feelings on politics, the line at the DMV and all those other things that make us crazy, the government is essentially in words of Tim Riefless,``What we do together because we can't only do . ''
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government is.
And because the government ultimately raises from us -- remember that from``us, the village"-- the way we think affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, most of all, the marketing.
This is the telephone attention center and information.
It's the place that we call the calls if you brand 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
\" Zip"in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put the music good, and see if it's going? ''
And it worked . So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the terrorists.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called City Connection.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Mechanical Mexico Office.
One day, this happened really, it comes this one,``Ziperium in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it out? ''
The Dinosaur Connecticut dynamic is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In City Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I got to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Audience? Yes . alive? Yes.
I went back the cube . I went home.
Good night, dragon dragon . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected with government services to be necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then hopefully the government reflects our values, and then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a huge ocean, and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt what it keeps us to feel that we're funding as something that operates against us, that other thing, and we're actually losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government work is happening.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Occupy movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the order of the OECD, about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been given to the government, it's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't predict government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the function of governance so that it can expand by providing civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act in a man, just to articulate the systems of the right shape.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to repeated, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care much about making your voices heard.
They're using hands.
They put labor hands to program applications that make government work better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking out weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a reef inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those carbs, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we are not only government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: We are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation, and it has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it's a charitable, it can achieve a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the records in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about the 1800s.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery made the way the world saw.
She was hard, but she was also loving.
When I was a little bit, and I looked at it, she came up to me, and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I came up and said,``Brian, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I would grab again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lower of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 20 minutes, she got up, went through the room, took me out of my hand and said,``Look, Brian . We're going to talk about it . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Oh, Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone . ''
I said,``Okay, Mama . ''
She said,``Now let me don't ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said,``I want you to know that I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is, you always want your mother . ''
I said,``She's my son, and you have to promise that I will always take care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mama, I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing even though the right is the hard thing . ''
I thought about it, and I said,``Yes, Mama . I'll do it . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mama, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in rural South . I have a brother one year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beer package, I didn't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and me and we went for the forest.
We just came up with the madness of always.
He took a beer sip, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . All right . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today I do . And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens to you? Take a beer . ''
I was looking at my gaze, and I said,``Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid.
I have to admit something before you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that the identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't see any sense.
We can't get you to do things that you don't think you can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been a prisoner during the ban.
My uncles died of related diseases with alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conflict freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much disappearing, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black in the age of 18 and 30 is in prison or in conflict freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in jail or in the parole freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, is also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work, some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you're deprived of rights forever if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent kids.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where the 13-year-old children are sitting in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we're in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the row of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, do people deserve to die for committed crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crime crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one that is innocent that it's excited and liberated from the death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never allow airplanes if every nine to wake up, one would be star.
But we somehow isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and lasted to the Second World War.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being released.
They were worried about being bombarded.
The threat of the terror was what his lives defined.
Now there are older people who come up to me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you're talking about, it makes speeches . It hurts people who stop saying that in our history, we've got for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial submarine and separation.
In this country we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage ourselves with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that the racial segregation couldn't overcome racial segregation without the truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we didn't.
I was in Germany giving a conference on death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's okay to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death row in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here . ''
And the room stood in silence, and a lady said,``There is no way that with our story, we can never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were going to execute people . ''
You think about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their most Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are locked by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginal.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both of these things.
We last talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the disasters, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that is inside our own.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are . Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
The development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food, also by the convictions of the heart.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us not only in bright and dazzling, but also in dark and hard.
emptiness Hadrent, the great chef leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, guidance for the spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women were just together to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Street called me, to say,``Brian, it comes the lady Paris . We're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Be ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I was going and just listened to them.
It was very violent, very lit.
And in one occasion, I was listening to these ladies, and after a couple hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said,``Now, Brian, I tell me that it's that idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been convicted.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We're trying to end up with the lives of life, without parole freedom for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in prison.
We tried to end with massive incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best speech, and at the end of me, he looked at me and said,``Hmm hmm . ''
And he said,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that point, Ms. Carrie included, put my finger on my face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I believe that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find ways to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very light, very stimulating, we won't judge us for our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the character of a society, not in the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound topics about what we are.
Now, I feel unequal . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of hard.
I'm going to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years, that they've been silenced to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what is not?
The judge is about an adult, but I see a child.
One night long, I was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can become something that you're not, you should have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask.
As I was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14-year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working in the excitement, with a cliff that said,``Motor for my 14 year-old black customer to be treated as a 75 year-old privileged, executive of a corporation . ''
In the mucus, I put it out there in the accusation, in the behavior behavior and the process.
There was an attracted line about how in this country there is no ethic, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking that inspired emotion would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it repeated it, but he had sent it to court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car, and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and penguin.
I finally dropped out of the car . I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a greater black man; and it was the consumer.
When he saw me, he came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He replied,``Is it you lawyer?"I said yes.
And then I came up and hug me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I've got to tell you now that that was violent.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
And when I got into, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this motivator? ''
I said,``Be Mr. ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy ones.
They came the police prosecutors, the administrations.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of us were fallen because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
And with the eye of the eye, I was going to see what was going and came.
He looked out the window and he was able to hear all that shit.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with face of concern, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge has a recipe.
During the shock, an assistant in the algorithm was shown, because the considered had entered the room.
The assistant is about the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the target with a firm . ''
I've come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
We cannot be truly human if we don't worry about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity have to be linked to the fruits, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BG: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be this spring in which you're going to get an effort to reward the funds that spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty, in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't conclude in arrest.
56 percent of rapes do nothing.
Here's a change opportunity.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are unleashed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who think that's like this?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by violence with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we let us convince the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chains -- to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Voice 3: The police throws O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: She's locked up . Voice 5: Merced five: mortal circles.
Voice 6: Social disappointing . So, six : 65 dead.
Voice 8: The tsunami alert . Voice 9: Chickens.
Several languages: War to storytelling . mass destruction . tornado.
recession . Barrier . End judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months, and they could routinely be for the last six days or for the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And because nothing matters to survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It orders and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could hurt us.
That's why we're going to be able to look at the negative.
That old reflection of the press,``If there's blood, sell ,"is very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news on the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, no wonder we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe not that way.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distorted.
Maybe the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy -- certainly we have it.
As human beings we are very good at dealing with problems, and in the long, we end up with them.
So let's look at it then in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, the average income per capita adjusted per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles Kennedy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we keep putting more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The shipping magnetism of the past century, the employees on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Now, supporting a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that drives in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad times, war and peace, in recession, depression and in the rise.
It's the rapid computer result used to build faster computers.
It's not stopping before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graffiti in a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law horrors, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the wages and the A.I . and the AI.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jefferson of Watson, IBM?
It was epic.
I looked in the newspapers the best headline than there would be.
And I loved this:``Watson beat human opponents . ''
Jewish is not an easy game.
I play with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Silicon University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company or a product or service, which can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people's life.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every inhabitant on the planet; it's about creating a life of how possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and it will become plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of the Sun.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and plankton.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and whistles.
But then he got the election and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as a disgusting.
We promote this analogy to the future.
Let's think about the energy shortage.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet in a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generated by diesel: eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a mile per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have plenty of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about the wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed up the Voyager spacecraft, the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
I took a famous picture . How was it called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet in 70 percent per water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, the two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of the water on the planet, but also here's an hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
nanotechnology comes, the nation-state.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the Arctic -- I'd like to share with you, I got permission to do it -- your technology called Sloyan, and you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of clean water on the day of any salt water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that I'll make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have confidence that that's going to be, Coca-Cola will globally implement it in 20 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation by this technology today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about that, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, video Hyder, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, and now lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Communication Foundation something called the X Guantipete Command Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I, you can sew, you can extract the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morality burden is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence is a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize, to call the health of health, and first of all, it will prevent the pandemic.
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to harm the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you heard the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What will you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they're going to make more health thanks to the Arctic, from a better education with Academy Khan, and because of the use of 3D printing printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three million more members of humanity, educated and productive healthy?
What about a little bit of voices?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'll end up sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foldabie.
He came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
Flowers determine structure and functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this university professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today, the recognition machinery of human pattern recognition is better pushing proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the British innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the running point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1885.
You may believe that you're chasing paint, but it didn't.
I actually pick fish.
And he described one of them as a very common.
It was the mere.
I fished it so much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red League of IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the displacement of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were tilapia of about 20 inches, the black beard tilapia.
And the fish of this tilapia was very abundant, and it went through a good moment, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half.
They killed the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, done a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Muslim 4.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in the South China Sea, and most of all, in the Java Sea.
What we captured there was an amazing thing.
We captured, now I know, the sea fund.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains, remains that are fish coral reef.
In summary, the sea bottom came to the cover, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then the commercial fishing begins.
The background happens to be a solid coral fund, in this case, to be a colony.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were discussing them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen do every time they go to a zone where they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the game point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of ears, the real of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their life conscious as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the number of changes.
And at the end, keep some miserable remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant, before you get extinct, is quite frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose some frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we fish them.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present, like they captain such, and such a look at a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or, usually not using the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in destroyed societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We recognize the past that people can't conceive, because the point of departure has been cut, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Midwest, for example?
I think there's art and cinema, maybe they can fill the vacuum . simulation.
This is a Chesapeake Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that nuances and tensis are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people moved with the movie, I will be talking about the story of Poland why to engage the images?
Because it evoke something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one I'll give, is Cameron, to``Avatar II"under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Congress, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today, we'll see why videos are made viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedian -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage gets viral, you get infinite visitors and cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participation communities and surprise factor.
Okay, let's start.
Bernard Vascalas: Oh my God, God.
My God!
Wow!
Holocaust, wow!
KA: Last year, Bernard Viewes published this video out of his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity rise of the past summer.
Beijing is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share an arc rainbow.
That's what you do if you call American Mountain Beauvoir.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmy.
Jimmy Kimmy published this cloth that would rotate the video to popularity.
Transparency creators like Jimmy Kimmy presented us new and interesting things and divide them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Blackmore: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday . Everybody wants it to come in the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting Friday . KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"from Rebecca Blackmore is one of the most popular videos in the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``bow ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took the Tokyo and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, by Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter video.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends take a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pages of``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the United century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with that.
\" Nike Cat"is a repetitive animation with a chord music.
That's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats who saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were reconstruction.
Somebody made a version to the old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form.
Because today we're not just enjoying, we're involved.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Archie ,"or Review Black or``Who Cat"?
What a script could I have written in this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me I had to look at this great video of a guy who protests against the crutches to cyclists in New York City, I admit that I don't get too interested.
Casey Nikha: I was moved by not circular by the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by the bike.
KA: Thank you for surprise and your humor, Casey Nie made five million people see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do creatively.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Bernard Vasconcelos: What does this mean?
High.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, creative communities of participation, all unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just in the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still burning.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning a whole job.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Think about it as the communities come into Sarah, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now burned it.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not letting that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to blow up, but we did.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of the sea.
My mother, Maine, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that challenged the fiction, a boat went down to the sea of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, and then it turns out in every wave, and the vast horizon and empty.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with men's bravery on our boat, or the engine dying, and they weren't able to fit for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same taste.
And after three months in a refugee camp, we were fighting in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We're established in Fort, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence was, in Fort, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the frequent English fragments were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, twice.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take out, that it was usually new clothing; it was always a second hand.
Two meters for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singers about the``rating eyes"and some graffiti:``Asia, come back home . ''
A home, where?
Something in me got up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were telling us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the ship.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares began to wake up.
She opened a computer shop, and then he studied to be strategic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and inflational, and the children locked up between two worlds.
They looked at subsidies and pathogens.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implanted with what I did.
In the other, I was wrong in price lives, tragically aroused by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received aid over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year of Australia of the year.
And I was caught from one piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Le, Hollywood resistance of Fort, was now so, refugee and social activist, invited to talk about sites that I had never heard about, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routines and the comfort of life in an unfair suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, by telling you about the day of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age as she had when we got up on the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``don't be what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and determination to the marginalized and the destroyed.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was requested to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived one, new on the scene -- and not just good, but it's something that it will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside can easily mean collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accept the presumption of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world gets apart, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that weren't allowed to be allowed to be tremendously encouraged.
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I went to a small group of people who the motto``can't be done"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We were working on the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move the United States.
After a single journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved, and adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Constant was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed by centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a grant of a Mandarin whose mother beat it.
No support of his husband, he caused a revolution to demand it and take the cause herself, and much more revealed when he won.
He can't make it proven to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to waste.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple at Fortune, and we sat around their casket.
We told him stories, and we make sure we were still with her.
At night, a monk came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easy.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the ship.
Who could wish that for sure?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a problem in your lives, getting brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would.
Trade Netherlands, and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Raisus about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with Sufi Ali Superman Ali.
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel out to a car, and we cut the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Armanda, the great Indian warrior prince, he was dreaming, he pulled an arc and he got a flow on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with salamanders and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that took me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more like a tech.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a dusk if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a child my grandfather presents me his silver plate of pocket.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and nutritional in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They face our inspiration.
That's why I started, I brought up to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I'm illustrated by the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrating becomes increasingly multi-collecting.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``I put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
At a number of times, it gets a letter -- the iPad knows where I live on GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic, to those ideas that we were facing of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always happened to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they light your path in what you rest from the book.
Another idea I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy was in a ticket.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I drag towards this magical device, inside the device.
And it opens up a map.
In every fantasy book, there's always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows and full and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the speakers.
We've all heard of the fairies and the news, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you?
These poor speakers have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and humid book.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary child story.
It's a story that deals with today's issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attached to their PCs, haven't gone out of the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, guitar and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this childhood ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
And so you create a digital picture of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this sort of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the connection variants between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on, and through augmented reality, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inside plants in the house.
The screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the wind sound and apply them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are involved with technology and magic, and technology is close to another.
Let's exploit the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Columbia University was to tell a head director.
And not in a very scientific way, she's just a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients, family and known: What happens? ''
How can we help it?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi mask . It's a very simple thing.
He's got a spike of fire.
Every morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which you need cardiac assistance or any urgency of that style, but looking back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect me to my Wi-Fi mask, and before I get up to my car, people start to talk to me,``Listen, I think you need light lunch . ''
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little bacterium connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, they will recover control and being captains of their own ship, but it can also help us care because of the health care because of the challenges that we face, like the cost of the cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crowdsourcing.
And one of the things we did, I want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest PISA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
No one knew where to get the DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did corporations in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public to say,``If you look at a PISA, please send it, tell them where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed . ''
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lear, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Martin and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest PISA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 40, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we would like to start globally.
We're taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they will help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA crowdsourcing around the world.
Every time they're on vacation and someone collapses, it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messaging services or people of telephony, for example, to see if the DNA that shows you is still in their place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it a photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that cannot take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
I mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little different because using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when the pulse is released.
For me photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pulse.
photos like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful ones at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realism, I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light intervene?
What does illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end it is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imagine objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional; as if there is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we're fooled to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think they are those where we don't even think, the things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that I will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos should have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is built.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pit.
And yes, I even made the house from the top of the island to be stronger.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there, and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
If you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RISD microRNAs versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like a lot of others we're going to see, is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with sex curves is a novel thing.
Here's a strange thing.
And that's what I'm just going to talk about.
Please add the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we graph technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology I'd like to chart, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move forward as fast as microprocessor, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a feedback growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until it comes up something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we are in a transition of what the world used to be in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that we adopt the world?
What new state is the world running?
transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child, the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel like something's happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today does not make any sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So, we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals floating around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet, they contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplet grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them had a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided, they had a unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
So every shock was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that are in some way different is better than the time to incorporate chemicals, they grow more, they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand these droplets, they learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to be stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide to the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was an elegant, it would have put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another great interesting step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they were taken to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant resistance because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and established a synergy.
And so they survived, or they failed together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community became more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities got so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the whole community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have lots of cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that processing the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible structures to register, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So, an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during an organism's life because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures will vastly accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few degrees, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confusing idea, in your heads that hold a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That's now allowing us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we go through periods like multicellular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephony, the computing, the video tape, the CD, so on, is the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of the one in which it produced some evolution with the Congress program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that were telling them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred millions of years.
The next, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess authority is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is feedback.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I employ to design them wouldn't be possible without recent IT advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thena males, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that before it couldn't, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions to random?
Can you run these sequences of instructions at random, execute all those programs, and take those that are more about what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are most close to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could bring two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you did the task?
We look at those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we play the ones that are best ordered.
And we're going to play you following a process of analog recovery . ''
Let's take two programs, which will make children, who exchange suburban, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Again.
I put some mutations.
And it tries again and again, with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how it works.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, strange programs.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depended on achieving it.
Once I was going in a 747 with Marie Minister, and he picks a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of parties that work together to offer a safe flight . ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster.
So it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're waking up.
And we are at a moment to analog the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it's coming.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've exercise enough time to allow you to be part of my fake president in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series is approaching.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about getting``Romantic Reveless"-- talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battlefield.
And we talked about 300, from a bacterium that battery 300.
That means the bat babies effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game, without being trapped, and anyone who tries to launch the first base, doesn't get to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts.
Do you know how they call a 300 laptop in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400-year-old baseball?
By the way, that's someone from 10 strokes, about four.
legendary -- like legendary Ted Williams, the last player of baseball Mayor of baseball in examining more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have an app, and you're derived to a surgeon that has a record of 400 in access.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved one has two order coronary arteries, and their family doctor will lead it to a cardiologist whose analog record is 200.
But do you know something?
She's getting remarkably better this year.
And their puzzles have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of some of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, a nurse or a genetic oyster?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the entire medicine knows about a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradox.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include, with the mandate of being perfect.
They never, ever make a mistake and worry about finding out how to do it right.
That was the message that was absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood exam.
That's what.
I studied in my little discar, in the nurses of the General Hospital Hospital residence, not far away from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the digital diagnosis and the non-lethal.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tube acids.
And as much as I accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And the matter of medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because that's how I'm immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Drug.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought Mr. Drug to the emergency service where I worked.
At the time I was assigned to the heart service.
And when you emergency, I applied to a cardiologist, I had to attend to that patient.
I'll report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drug, I was dancing.
I heard a solved sound.
And when the austrumation, I heard a burning sound on both sides, which would give me a certified heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that would give him.
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagnoses, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake; he sent her home.
Indeed, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief resident.
I didn't take the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to contribute complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
By sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I even asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Drug,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature,``Yes, I think I'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the profiles took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there's another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Drug lady before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists are afraid as well, but there's a particle in emergency, and it's that we see patients quite frankly.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the brink of death.
At the time of an hour of having reached his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the paradoxes brought them to emergency with a 50-year-old blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing, and I was blue.
The emergency staff deploy all their resources.
They gave them medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was contaminated and contained to the cord.
I had a sense of feelings because then the stabilize was in intensive therapy and hoped against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
I had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, what was going on.
And at the ninth day, they left it . Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those dying.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I punished for it and experiment for the first time, the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture and I felt just isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the pieces, and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The wildlife shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a lovely.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I had the things and make sure that I wouldn't demand.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why don't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so dumb?
Why did I choose medicine?
It was a little bit about that feeling.
And I started to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I was wondering if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself, where if I used the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little colored.
He wrote penicillin and sent him to his house.
But as he went to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my game change, my boss asked me to talk to me usually in his office.
And I proposed the three words: You remember you?
Do you remember the patient that you saw for a pain in the throat?
So he went back and he didn't have a secondary face.
I had a potentially deadly insight called electricity.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, did not.
antibiotics have been added to it, and it was recovered by the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and sports, then relief me and went back to work, until over and over again.
Two times in the same stream of urgency, not diagnostics.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it has 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
You order a kidney X-ray, but it turned out, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to hurt, and I asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it, and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was tormented, I was devoted.
But I'd like to tell you that I committed the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a body.
The most significant has been for the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voices that really happens to me, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that you don't make the same mistakes?
If I would come into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a tracking in my hospital, the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions: those who make mistakes and those who don't -- those who can't sleep and those who are, who have the results and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take the medicine to people who make mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about a lot of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal bad medical study and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program,``White Court, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disappointment is not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 channels die for preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about barrier underestimate, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The deprivation of sleep invaded everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with flag eyes, and, suddenly, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, good, no one.
And with respect, people don't want to talk about their biggest cases?
In my program,``white front, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell everybody, from the paradox to the heart of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"and I would direct the
And their students would stop, they would go back, and they would go down and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn what happens to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes occasionally.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm a human, a mistake.
I'm so sorry, but I'm effort for learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take a day?
You know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that said to choose an average American, is about 70 a day.
Not long ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
Researchers recorded the different tasks deployed by these executives, and the time they worked in making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, it was 130 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to a nine minutes category, and how many at one hour?
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to overload.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please, you give a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being graduate student at Stanford University, I was faced by this very, very high level supermarket -- at least at least at least it was very sophisticated.
His name was Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 classes of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables, and about 25 of bottled water, and this was when we took the water water.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why didn't I buy anything?
This is the olive oil shelf.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the box that came from millennia trees.
Once I decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Does this strategy be offered all these choices? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the twins.
hallway.
They had 148 different classes.
We installed a post to go, just to the entrance of the store.
We put it out of six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what do people have been willing to try and test the remix?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a rejection card.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when they were 24, only three percent came to buy memories.
Those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memorized.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy merely if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memories probably makes us, that's a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of supply overload affects us in transitional decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when it doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with Turkey Husband, Emily Kami and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in endangered savings plans, the 401 program, motivated people to save for the future.
And we found that there was really a correlation.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds offered, the less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participatory rate went down to the '60s percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were involved to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
At the time there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is to make the decision, that you get it even when this goes against self-interest.
They're more likely to make the worst decisions -- finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying, even though they're getting better.
The main reason is that we've been trying to look at that gigantic variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and memorized, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose that impressive exhibit.
Today I want to propose to four simple techniques that we've been testing, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can go in their business.
The first is, cut.
You've heard it before, but it's never been true than today, which is more.
People are always upset when I say,``Cut . ''
They worry about losing space in the airplane.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales, go down costs, have a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Shops to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase increase.
When the Goldman Cat Corporation eliminated products for cats that are less sold, the uses were increased in 87 percent, by two causes: greater sales and less cost.
You know that the supermarkets today, on average offers 45,000 products.
In a store in Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the novel stores in the current world is Aldry and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of last tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Einstein's plant, Harvard's program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life fund fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask the employees,``Tell me the differences between those choices.
And if your employees cannot differentiate, you will not do your clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people of this audience, some vacation with the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
( Little applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Don't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I really get to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, that in the second, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload, which is concrete.
So people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every option, and that consequences have to feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shala Benjamin and Alexander President, on the English Congress personnel who worked at NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were affecting a 401 plan.
So that meeting, that we had exactly as it used, we did a little additional addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the 20 percent affiliations and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the German supermarkets along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 662.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two exhibitions of jewelry.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Spinople . ''
If you think the one on the left is Spirit and the one on the right is jazz, you give a palm.
( Little applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Spine, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Spirit . But do you know something?
This space scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to whom you choose, not what defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists.
So who are they reporting?
My fourth category: Connection the complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, buy a car.
This is a German mass manufacturer that allows you to completely personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box; four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're acting the button in every decision, this indicates you are overwhelmed, or it's: we're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices at the time, they have the button, and over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you'll keep there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the change box, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, it's preparing us to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has us more engaged with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice overload: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives -- Congress, making it real -- classify, we can handle more categories with less options; to lead complexity.
All these techniques I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more caregivers we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the West East Germany, if you had a typewriter, I had to register it to the government.
I had to register an example of an example, written with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of the texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think anyone could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer, and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow pigs on every page that makes a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world, we can harvest attacks according to its attacker.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Diamond Rouge from the city of Kiev, Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, huge quantities.
There are really many cases of online millions, billionaire, who made money with their attacks.
This is Valueti Tassage, from Tahrir, Estonia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Kermit South.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tasmanian Arab, etc., etc., etc.
These guys are doing their strengths online, but they do it by illegal means through banking triangles to steal money from our accounts when we bought online, or stealing our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14.7 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain, the Mr. Jain, he's known.
And I say that today is more likely to be victims of a cyber victim than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate their opinions, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have disappeared in the last 12 months occupy a role in the line attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states the governments who attack.
And then we see cases like Digital.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a corruption authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
I'll declare the script the last fall because of a drill.
They were monitoring the security of the site and they lost a cyberattacks.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representative, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people, because of the death of the attack to Digital.
And the answer was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with lots, sea services, services like Gmail.
Except that you're interested with foreign certified authority.
And they emit affordable certificates.
And in the case of Madagascar, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the plunderer of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this folder called``FISL . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 800,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago was found a translator used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervene.
But today it goes beyond.
You engage the Internet connection.
They'll use even tools like the Scott Transacture to infect our computer with a Troy to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When we think carefully in things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it seems bad, but I really don't affect because I'm an honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's playing privacy.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we're showing today, it will be forever.
Do we really trust any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry over the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to the south part, which means that wild animals like the zebras migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to harvest them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
They're a warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, from age six at nine, is responsible for livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because it even helped lions to see the stable.
I didn't quit . I continue.
One second idea was to use a shame.
He was trying to deceive the lions to believe that he was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . The first day, and they saw the shadows, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with an torch, and that day, the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to press with and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
It's all.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box . I call it a transformation.
And the industrial box makes light lights.
As you can see, the bulbs go out, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how lions see when they come from night.
The lights flash and make lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had any problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and I asked if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them up . You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also using all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopard, and it's also being used to transplant elephants from the farms.
Because of this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brother International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child on the panels of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he said that someday would be inside one.
And here I am today.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Athlete . What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So they got a scholarship . Richard Turk: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RM: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA: An electric fence?
RS: I know that the electrical fences were invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- R: I've tried it before, but I was because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turner, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you are, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . VC: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``No envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spend all the time studying the story of Kim Islam, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A dead woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge air hunger in North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
In the end, more than a million Koreans died during the famine and just few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all of my around me was completely to dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wonder why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite photo from North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which serves of limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very negative in certain points, allowing Americans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea outside, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my short time family.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a North refugee.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because Native refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became true, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in police station.
Someone had accused me to be North, so I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sport.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, one official said to another,``This was a fake report . She's not North . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they are tortured, jailed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Americans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be humiliated in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Standing in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
I even went through an identity crisis.
Am I South or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the income exam to university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a alarming call.
The North Korean authorities were interested in some money that sent my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to force to a location in the outskirts.
They had to flee immediately.
And so I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost went caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were deaf people that I was accompanying.
I looked at me suddenly, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After I paid crutches and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in a short distance of the Embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that time, or a man's voice asking,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the ordinary village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The stranger stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Native village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and support of the international community are really the hopes of hope that the North American people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Americans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practice, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans traveling around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Central Center: string stores, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles . It's lights, fast food, balanced terrain.
Just like 26 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the Angeles Center South Center, home from the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than, say, Beverly Hills, who is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of the house see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of shopping and sold wheels as used cars.
I see centers of dolphins like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I consider the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also get tired of driving 45 minutes and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a gardening.
It's 45 feet six.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes me in my winning, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grove, we got together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a group that is paid by all the gardeners of all the problems, all the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
And the city came up to me, and in summary, they gave me a cartoon saying that I had to remove my garden, the city was made by court order.
And I was like,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matter?"So I was like,``Well, let's get it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lop, and he talked to the concert and one of Green Groups's members, who put a petition in Afghanistan, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My icon even called to say that they would breathe and worship what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balanced terrain.
He's got 60 miles of bad terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why don't you tell them this?
I'll grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a habitat dollar will give you 75 dollars of a result.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, crops your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Center.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I was laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
As an artist of graffiti, which runs walls, I am land, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my commitment of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be their canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became an education tool, a transformation tool of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You will be surprised to see how kids affect.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act you can do, especially in an urban.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like 1,300 at night and they were in my garden, and they looked very upset.
I, good, man, I felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``Well, don't people go to steal your food? ''
I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it . ''
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to remove your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee for the characters in Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this was changed, so just for a moment.
So Green Groves has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If the kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and the body, you eat blind people what you're putting in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, which is not going anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Cancer is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to support it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work, take kids out of the street, know the joy, the pride and honor of growing their own food, opening farmers markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everybody to become engaged, generation, gender gardens.
We have to change the script of what a generation is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a generation.
That the managers take their stick . OK?
That that's its choice of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( microwave sounds) You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that's out there.
And especially if you go in your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flow down to the sides and have a road where it's easy to drive, and you won't jump water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to get rid? See that in this road, the stone stones are coming out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more and then, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that . But you can damage your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh . It's ready.
gaps, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of warning between stones.
Because of the performance, the ultraviolet light, to the oxidation, this warning, this battle, the glue between the kidneys, will be found, and if you choose it, you'll become microbes and you'll separate out of the added.
So if you drive through the road, you'll take the added -- as we saw here.
So to solve this problem, we think about materials of self-assembly.
If we can make this material become surprised, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, that to clean satellites, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the beta.
So, we have a little bit of a little bits of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
Individual can heat, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the beta, the beta flow through these microbes, and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven today, because I can't bring the big opening machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, I'm now going to take out what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the Adam highway, where we had to make a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test in road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without no harm . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples aging, and we put a lot of charge in them, we repeated them then with our opening machine and we repair them and try.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of induction to actually increase the surface of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface . You can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before you can show you how it acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having wake up one morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban stood in Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could both educate.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it would seem to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives; the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school was closed by a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were frightened, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total impression of a remote province of Afghanistan . I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father did it.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will take two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate his children.
During the years of the Taliban, I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So do you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bacteria, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud of graduating in Frederick College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was taken out of his home for the willingness to educate her daughters, was one of the first ones.
He doesn't just get out of my university title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who I carry it by driving him through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I am the global ambassador of 1980, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see her parents and their families who, like the mine, advocate for them, despite a daunting opposition.
As Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going from the way from SOPA to his village, and literally, they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice told you that if I kept sending your daughter to school, you'll try and try it.
\" My mind already, if you want ,"he said,``but I won't harm my daughter's future for her old and backward ideas . ''
What I've given to Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people we succeeded, there's a father that recognized the value of his daughter, and he sees that the success of her its own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last long, after the retreat of American troops.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animated them, I see a future prize and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities, and every day, the girls of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``daughter, Raisuddin.
But you never become a Gaddafi style revolution . ''
They've spent almost two years since the Libya revolution inspired by the smell of mass mobilization as much as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other living citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the toxing regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were on the forefront, demanding the regime of regime, carrying freedom paintings, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a bravery specimen by facing Gaddafi's dictatorship.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some losses of approximately 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy legacy, corruption and altruism seeds.
For four decades, the total regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of Libya.
conscious of devastation and challenges, I wanted, together to many other women, rebuild Libya civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
There were approximately 200 organizations in Bangladesh during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triperloging.
After a 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's platform for peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our right participation of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the presidential period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moving from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, gradually, the exhilaration of choices and revolution as a whole thing was disappearing; every day we found violence news.
One day we wake up with the news of the professional mosques and subjects.
Another day I went on with the news of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army official murder.
And every day, we wake up with the government of the military and their continual violations of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, became more polarized, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of``creative list"and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to trust us, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The credit list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both for men as well as women?
Maybe what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed, who only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than we need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as the outrage agent and calling the anger days.
We need to start acting as the agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not only honor, but also puts the mercy instead of revenge, collaboration rather than competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately needs to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that's about the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real skull.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it social form.
According to a version of the Koran Koran -- peace --``is the word of merciful God, army, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``branch ,"which is known in all of the abstract traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``branch"-- I'm afraid -- similar to the feminine and material, which fits all the humanity that men and women, that all the tribes and all the towns have remained.
And so, just like the uterus covered completely the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all existence.
This is what you're like,``My mercy open all things . ''
This is what you're like,``My mercy prevents my anger . ''
That all of us were focused on the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that they all do . Why is she left?
Why would anyone stay with a man who beat him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to count.
I was 22 years old . I was just reading at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and a editor in severe magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Administration American card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I believed my twin soul, I would put my head with a pistol, charged with the stick bullets.
The man, who I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``Love Love ,"a psychological trap, love described of love, where they fall every year, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't seem a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm ready in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in Market Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of``Fortune 500 ,"among them Johnson & Johnson, read Burgen and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black Labrador, and I drive a minister Honey Odean.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all races, all the religions, all the levels of retinal and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent, long relationships or, said otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence; the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be stuck with a man who pays him, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years old, they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and more than 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year for couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy January night.
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York City, and he started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had been licensed from a university of the Life Life and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it looked like a child in the field.
I had some big motors like apples, and a wheat rubble hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple.
He did it all over the beginning by putting in a pedestal.
And we started coming out and loved all of me: I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who was able to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that was why the architecture in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sequence and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was entering the head in a physical, financial, psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce violence threat to see how it reacts.
And here's where you go into the scene those items.
As we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe was bought three items.
One had it in the car glove.
Another one would take it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those items because of the trauma that lived a little bit.
He needed them to feel safe.
But those items were actually a message for me, and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were living happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me too much.
And I was very, very self-driving.
He just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding, and by the fact that we form a family with me.
He had been an isolated accident, and he would never make me harm.
I spent two times more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I drank several times against the car window.
And then, a couple days later, driving back out of our honey moon, I was overwhelmed by traffic and I'll take a Big Mac cold to the face.
So, I went on to keep getting one or twice a week for the next two and a half years from our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is domestic violence victim or bullying at some point of their life, and the Centers Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
And back to my question, why did I get?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a profoundly scary man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his devils.
The other question that everybody does is, why simply doesn't it march?
Why didn't I? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and most painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
Over 70 percent of the killers in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after leaving, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has gone back to married, defense of financial resources, and the manipulation of the family's judicial system to terrorists the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time, not oversight with the man who would stick their mother.
And yet we continue to wonder why simply doesn't go?
I was able to be able to go, because of one last piece that came to my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told it all over the world: police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stress victims as spiritual headlines, self-driving women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims are going to fall in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``Lock Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and they refused their lives and happy lives, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out, I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a tender and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black Labrador, and that's a little bit of mine.
What I'm not going to go back to having never more, ever, it's a loaded gun pointing on my head in someone's hands who says it wants me.
So right now, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, what stupid was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being battered, or that they were small, or they are abuse themselves.
The evil could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
abusive abuse alone in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence just shedding light about it.
The victims we need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the suitcase to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They rethink their view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, they have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to stop their scale and show victims a safe output.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . My name is Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed it like this . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women horrified when they came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tattoos are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also shallow.
I've changed totally what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me to grab the back, and I would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan, like the one I made two days ago to work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even superficial and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my lab sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but honestly.
The first question is, how do you get to model?
And I always say,``A kindergarten discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with a high and weak figure, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, the heritage I've known to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now shown skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There are Naomi, Tick, Joan Semons, light gene.
First of all, happy to know so much about models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told all and each of the models in the runway, and of 67 hired models, only 27 percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is, can I be model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a neighborhood, newspaper surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insisted, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the recycling chief of the U.S. magazine or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Meson.
To say, most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``In underwear Model for 10 years, people look at you weird . ''
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are shrinking.
And yes, they're basically retreating all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
That's how I look at my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am on a piece of pajamas a few days before the French vaccine.
Here I am with my soccer team and the V magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, panels, machines, photographers and statistics, all of their aid and protection people, and they make it create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many towers of 20 inches and I never use, except the couple before, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver, and he jumped a little bit in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and he was a sorry, agent to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege ones for my way, not for what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect regardless of who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were given and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 black young black and Latino young men in New York City, so for them, isn't a question of me standing?
But how many times will I stop? And when?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 93 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people do is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is: If you're a little bit thinner, you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, ingenious and passionate people . ''
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm an insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my way every day.
And if you ever wonder, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes more to fashion, but probably the most physically unsafe women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that will retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I didn't have a little bit of it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them random tourists.
My story begins when, finding in New York City to give a position, my wife took this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When the third birthday of my daughter said to me, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take wisdom to New York City on a paradigment trip and you continue the ritual? ''
This is when we started asking the tourists to happen that they would take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has fled with the camera.
So, we weren't aware of how much life would change us.
It becomes a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and we will make ourselves reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new milestone, and I can see life through their eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That concrete time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed a red soldier from the grocery store that was small in the previous visits.
And I was describing what made five years of foot in that same place.
I said that he remembered his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't stop going to somebody and ask yourself,``Do you take a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bubbles are in the most threatened bird.
First, why do you have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter, like mental characters, dumb, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, applause and applause, these are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment, they don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly monogamous . They're far away from extinct, and, my favorite, the bubbles have better presence . There are two kinds of bats on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhas that are primarily found in America, like the cancers and the faces, and the Justive World Buddhas, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11, they face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the guys important? First of all, providing vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural trash collectors.
They wipe the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax that not to be for them would spread and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bus, the carcasses take three to four times longer to decompose, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The guys also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nevow was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and, along with the cobra, symbolizes the unit between the High and the Lower Egypt.
In Indian mythology, Jack was the Buddhist god, and he risked his life to save the dense of 10 the 1985 head.
In the Tibetan culture, there are a lot of important wrong buried buried, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these guys provide a system of natural elimination.
What is the problem with the Buddhist?
We have eight species of Buddhist in Kenya, which six are in extreme extinction threats.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the passive communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bus are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means in less than 10 or 15 years will extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Michigan.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no bus, there's been a spread in the number of dogs in the dump of carcasses, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for anger . The number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 350 areas are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them in half.
They are bird trafficking.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead business to serve the arm and the feedback market.
So what is it doing? Okay, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem locally is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the Buddhist, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we need to focus on these very narrow creatures, donate their time to spread the word . spreading the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll be informed on the Buddhist, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the Buddhist.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without spending energy in the skies.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, I light young, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we established in Africa failures.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we took we analyzed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Devil Devils ,"was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we arrived with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian and career tomatoes.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't act . We were astonished that the local, so fertile, they hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that we don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Right now to save the people of Zambia in famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is really grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato grew up to this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the chambers,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight, about 200 orphans appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the cameras,``Oh my God, the hypertension! ''
And the Amazon said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that only us the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothetical.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we give to the people who are people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead aid"by Dammy Moore, barberten economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the continent of Africa two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Put it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are empires, colonial missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or we sponsor them, or we are patriotics.
The two words come from the Latin Racism root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Patriors, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids .``I want you too much . ''
Parkinson, I treat everybody in a different culture as if they were my servants.
That's why the white people in Africa are called Batman, boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"I written by Schrdinger, who said above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, let's get them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can we -- can you imagine a city that's not neocortical? ''
I decided about 27 years old, just to respond to people, and I invented a system called Faumal Company where you never started anything, you're never motivated to anyone, but it becomes a servant of the local passion, the library of local passion, who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
You just get to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: why not us, once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identified.
So, planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which is not there.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the business doctor of business, which is established with you in your house, on your kitchen table, in your coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in hope, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this mountain garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that? ''
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I was street and listened to them . So, the government says,``Make again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business advisers in history, passed the 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the business spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what people most in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up to conversation with you.
You have to offer them trust, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll go, you'll come in.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you present, you've applied this morning?
passionate local people . That's what you have applied.
So what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneur spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The sentence as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture, we heal, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
It will be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was joined: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to travel to the population of New York to around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already drowning . So, in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would bring the life in New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, in the United States came up in the United States.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scarce, factories in advanced places.
Developer, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them trust.
Otherwise, they will not come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you one absolute, dedicated, serious service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell the truth with respect.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count a fantastic marketing, and you have to count a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was started by one person.
I never did the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of little businesses sitting in cafes, in bars next to their comrades who are going to do for you, which someone did for this gentleman who's talking about this opponent, someone who would ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, so you can sell? Can you look for the money? ''
\" Oh no, no, I can't do that ."`` Would you like me to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like pesticides, templates and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to the empty shops for our communities to reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadow to lovers, drunk and dreamer for centuries and I trust a city.
It always gives the music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for time.
He gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I'm going to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to get caught by day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant blackboard, and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die...''
So the transistors could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit in the line of a date change line . ''
Before dying, I want to sing for millions of people.
Before dying, I want to plant a tree.
Before you die, I want to live outside the network . ''
Before dying, I want to hug it again . ''
Before you die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cards, they destroyed me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and school ways, and it's about giving the reflection and contemplation and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and they have now been made in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever, finding ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something we often avoid talking, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the clarity of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
He's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
Don't talk, but transmission joy than some of the best speakers.
She knows what love is.
And it's completely sharing what happens.
It's not nice . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When you sing songs of our childhood, trying to propose words that I can't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I was stolen my chocolate, but I remember the year that each of the songs in my iPod, conversations we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Don't you seem incredible?
But most people don't agree.
And, in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of the normal society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what propelled my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
In every single individual, it's manifest in a different way, from there that Yemen is so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the developmental disorders that are faster in the world, there's no cause or not known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember a single day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was alive and he wrote in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in the line around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond bars, frustration and international hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times I would have designed that they were just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens by high the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that being different doesn't mean that some of you are wrong.
It only means that there is a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rem and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or no, the differences we have -- they're a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside, and honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what it must have been to be Alice in the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication student to engineering students.
I was scared . I was scared of these students with their great minds, their big books and their big books and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when he fell down the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt like that when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the facilities, but they study the facilities, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as making them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways to dig and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signs of bullet.
You've wondered why they call``bullets"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's very supportive in the area of our brain's language and overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the halls is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase that the public can understand if it loses a little bit, and then providing graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key keys that can help us others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, mention with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English Dictionary is``helicopter . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``helicopter"means``desirable policy . ''
Although there was a member of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said,``A helicopter ,"is the one who looks for a public charge without import, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it by the mere use of a remote version monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means``rhetoric . ''
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Brazil Crue, who faced Parliament.
They got in the London Tower, and they were incarcerated, but he had enough to face them, and in the end, he had such popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase,``so bore like the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to return to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it``Jeff of State Washington ,"and others,``The Alter George Washington ,"and other``Defense of the People of the United States of America . ''
Not very attractive.
Some of them just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a determined term.
And it could have served.
Everybody gets tired, because this debate was promised for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay, and the thing was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to dig out of power.
They didn't want to call him king for whether he was given to him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the more modest, more insignificant and more pathetic title that came to them.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was before, but it only meant``somebody who prevents a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term``capable"or``superconductors . ''
There were events of little colonial trials and government fractions, but it really was an insignificant title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will take a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never experienced the president of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- is possible that we keep waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. title of the U.S. doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-conflict aerial vehicles.
Reality and history have broken the title of gravity.
So in the end, it won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But you know how many nations are now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality changes a lot more the words than what they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under a mineral mine from Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the root of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that they talk about, but most of all, that cacophony of male theory and stones, with primitive tools.
Like everybody else, I've got a sentenced light lamp, holding up the head with this stream, and can barely distinguish branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
And my hand was replaced, and suddenly I remember a minority that I met days before, who lost the control and fell under me in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're a slave of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a Free in the Salaw, , an NGO who dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad; I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I got a knot the stomach, and, after, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of the Free, and offering my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, it windows dirty suits.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced for all of the transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent to about $50,000 today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families for $18 native debt debt debt.
Remarkably, slavery generates more than $13 billion dollars per year around the world.
Many have been fooled with fake promises of good education and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without paid, under violence threat and can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dante.
In a temperature of 54 degrees C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy dust of dust stacked mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the sand furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Disappearing by monkey and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe slaughter made it pee out quite intelligent.
So peneased was heat and dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reveal it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the ability I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotion is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust the Salam, and working inside the system because of his release, and I trusted that they will get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my crazy heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children carrying rocks during miles by mountains, to trucks they were expecting down.
Those great planes were more heavy than the kids who carry them up and kids put them into their heads with homemade straps made of sticks and strings and horses.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they're working 16 hours a day without paid because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were rejected by their freedom, the slaves burned their homes.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual trafficking, and because of this global consciousness, I was told that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was used to women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some sticky stairs that gave this dirty basement, fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restautants, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each post is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomimicry and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From foot in the membrane, I remember having a sense of acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I went into.
There were no back doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb.
Those people don't have scarce and, because we touch a topic so hard, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textile is another activity that we often relate with the labor of slavery.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the texts and red, of their children.
You mix the ink in these big barrels, and you dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fisherman's family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their loved, disappeared, forced families to work with extensive diamonds in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; he feared his little canoe out of her.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the radious trees in Lake Lake often attract networks and children, fascinated and scary, drop into the water to get the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since it remembers, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of his love, it's not going to flee, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, it gradually deals with younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the cold and windy night.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed out of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koko.
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met it in a shelter where Freud's San Research reflects to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
By a road in Ghana with Freud partners with Free's Saturday partners, an artificial partner with his motor suddenly accelerate and spread our car and touch the window.
He asked us to follow it by a road to the forest.
At the end of the way, I tried to get out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
Then I pointed out this barely visible path and said,``This is the road, this is the road . Come on . ''
As we started down, we took the streams that blocked the way, and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photo team on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the endless path ended abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked into water poisoned with mercury.
The marketing is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his tired, irritated eyes because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people load heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area in which they will kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong and virtuous men, but if we look closer, we see some of the less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and from marketing in a few years.
This is Manya . When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manya inherited the debt of uncle, what force it to be slaves.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years, and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manya has tuberculosis and, not even to that, it's forced to work and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like Freud, and it's this kind of determination, of face to remote possibility, which inspires me so much respect.
I want to throw light about slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give you a testimony of them, and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines . They're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these many beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire, and that that fire bridge light about slavery, because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue living in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do an app math, and there's a peculiar problem for who it does: We are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We're delivering the virtues of the ballet and the clock dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial altitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's disease destroy this extraordinary ability, as he does with my friend Jane Strickellihage, who, in his time, was a virtual ballet dancer.
In the last few years, a lot has been progress in treatment.
However, there are 3.2 million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with incredible weakness, television, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and closing metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20 minutes neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means out of clinical trials, they never do . It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need any personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try, you see, in some sense, we are all virtual as my friend Jane Strickel.
This is a video of vocal chords.
It shows somebody healthy as I emits sound sounds . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The FoxARA, for example.
And as the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to talk.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and like Parkinson's affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom trace, you can see an example of irritating to vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal, weakness and stiffness.
discourse becomes more quiet and aspiring after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
They're both accurate . Okay, but also, it's not specialized.
I mean, they can be authoritates.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something acquired a cost so low: it appears to massive scale.
These are some incredible goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massive low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, face to general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of the disease before it's too late.
So, when I'm going to give you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Coca-Cola Initiative.
Together and Pacific, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call it low prices and leaving recordings by a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who's not?
What will you take out of these samples?
Max Mitchell: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited confusion factors to look for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Templasters, I have to publish it, has done fantastic work, and now it's shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Snow and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Mitchell, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was making photographic portraits in New York City.
We are positive creatures, gray.
We hide in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do to the slightly thinner models, the perfect skin, even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly time, an organization where it was voluntary, there's Hans voters, it was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't get sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to software.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the prevalence of Iraq in almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the ground.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We take rubble rubble and the aircraft.
We cleaned up schools . We took the slime and we left the houses to be renewed and resilient.
We took tons and tons of fish fish, approach, power of local factory.
We got excited and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photographs and cameras and Cairo cards.
Everybody did the same.
Let them collect them and take them to different places of the villages around us to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they fled the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a people's evidence center.
He helped clean the global bathrooms the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the evidence center picks up the photos.
And there they were, and I had the honor that that day trusted me to wipe the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I did my horizons that something happened.
When you look at pictures, I found some people who were over a hundred years old, and they were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night came in Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to pick up the pictures.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too excited, but where the water had doubled the face of the girl should be fixed with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the same aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photo spoiled.
Over time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more rewards, so I went back in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks, I had 150 people who were desperate to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Ritz, a neighboring town to the north of Aabuar.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their pictures.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depended on the course of the photos.
I could mean an hour . I could mean weeks.
I could mean months.
This young man had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures submerged in saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of it with the step of time continue to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick the picture unless it was clean, dry, and it would have been recycled by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleaning cleaning.
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to harm the photos anymore.
As Web once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to photos.
He was starting to clean it out, but he stopped to realize that he would hurt even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been rebuilt, we were able to flap the images in a single picture and to pick up the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures, he shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble pretty far from where their home used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the walls to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the Sirens sounded.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed his photos his youngest son, he was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something he could go back to look at, something that could remember from the past that wasn't beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined that there were hundreds of them who helped us clean over 13,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the vast majority came back by hands of their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 families completely rescued and rewarded.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most on ink for printers.
We took photos constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a relationship, someone wanted.
They are guidances of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we'd come back to look for.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is back to someone, it's a huge difference in the person's life who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the refugee's life.
Some of them connected to something bigger, to go back something, using their talent for something that's not heavy models of perfect skin.
So, to conclude, I'd like to read this email . I sent it the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edinburgh inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that comes up an apple in an exhibition of just a million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: photographer -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I'll turn it up and switch into a second of a second, I mean, in several seconds, I'll create a picture package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, to travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet, and this package of photons, and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a nanotube is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research . It's a lot of things in this movie, and I'll take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to cross it, and inside, starts shooting.
Part of the light works, it goes to the table, and we start to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there is an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection at the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it cut the same distance and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a Slow Movement lens.
And what about proving with death?
You can see the waves that are spread from the table, the tomato and the wall in the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from one woman at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll realize that as the light stands out of the tomato, it goes bright . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is ripe, and the language is in its interior, and it comes out after several trillion tickets.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phones, they will be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it comes up very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just get some light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very clever sync, we took those gigabytes of data and we brought them computing computational to create those phenomena I showed you.
We can take all of those data in raw and process them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superheroes future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . bounce, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communists.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our female, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture in gross, that you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we go together and try to analyze multiple light bounces, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our rebuilding.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the reflected light by open windows.
Or we could build epidemics that we can see inside of the body by holding oceans, and the same thing for coordinations.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists so that they start thinking about photographer as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation in the next generation.
As Doc Edinburgh, he himself, he himself, turned science into art, an art of shrimped photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected every time isn't just for scientific visualization, but we can can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion billion.
But there's something fun as well.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, you get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order to occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, upload it to South America and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a Chinese and alive Chinese city in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that you're looking for a change, you had a mobile phone.
Who from the present have a mobile phone here?
Let them.
Raise your mobile phones, light them!
Take them up . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today, I'm going to talk about my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 830 lines of information.
Data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U.
This is the Department of Data.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every Internet supplier of all of Europe has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use mobile, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in its phone company or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There was lawyers, journalists, priests, all said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin, and they said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said that this would be Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use cell phone?
So I asked my phone, Deth Televish, who was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them back, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to give you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Deth Tyler said no, we won't give you this information.
We finally signed up.
I would go back to demand, and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly one on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand pounds of information.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, next to Beijing Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom in and get away, go back and ahead.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from France on train to colony, and how often I call the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives you a little bit of fear.
But it's not just me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends, and they're called between them.
And then one call the other, and the other to the other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which hour sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who I talk to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the status would have known who involved in this protest, and if the status had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The end of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in consequence, not the fall of the iron of iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go back home, give their friends that privacy is an 21st century value, and it's not moving.
When they go home, tell their representative that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what data stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you're serving to remember that you have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I'm called Mahara Zam, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, holding the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I shake all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Ali.
A C is not genetic.
It's not congestion, it cannot contract.
Nobody missing my mother's uterus and I didn't hire it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'll warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they've desired to be disabled.
Let's go.
Christmas vehicles, they're in the mall, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I'm telling you, I have 99 problems, and B C is just one of them.
If there was a choice of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Climate, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can do it; dance song . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I clean.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum notes, we all had my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my heel on their feet and just walking.
Another tactics I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it would pursue it.
The stranger that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a blame champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family, I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think,``Open the Muslims ,"as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with didn't have any problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about worrying about hunger during the branch.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three whole months, so that I'll be able to go from the dawn to dusk is very easy.
He danced in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation, often my father was trying to heal me, so I drank milk milk, I was putting hot cups on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I did yoga, it was a stable comedian that I couldn't put on foot [unclear].
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the State of Arizona, because I was in all the groups.
It was like the motor landscape of theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I made all the tasks at least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a glass zoo scene, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called dance very slowly in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds:``In the end, I'll have a paper!
I have brain palsy!
At the end of it! At the end!
Thank God Almighty, at the end, I'm free! ''
I didn't get the paper . She gave it to Sheryl Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask why, and she told me that because they believed it couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, you can't do the character . ''
It was a role for which I literally had been born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a waste story of hearing actors without disabilities for disabled roles.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first actor tour was like a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be``roommate"to``better buddy friend"in a sandwich.
Instead, I was there as a vase, I didn't see any more than the next one, and it was obvious for me that the repair directors were no longer, white, disabled actors.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whooph Goldberg, Rose Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedian.
That's why I became humor.
In my first tour, he took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when he fell in the bill that he was going high speeds across the New Jersey highway with a driver I had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I am the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I do know that they never heard that little nasty rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the festival of New York Comedy, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media, and at the same time remind them to the representative directors that Southeast and Arab are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as invited to the cable news program back with Keith Oliver.
I walked in as if it went to a graduation dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live.
So I cling to the desktop desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity, and I knew that they wouldn't come back.
But not only Mr. Sandrob went back to invite me, but I was a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned on the director with Keith Olympics was that people on the Internet are scarce.
It's said that kids are cruel, but they never got bored of me or a little bit older.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a bronze object.
I saw online clips with comments like,``Why am I shaking? ''
\" Is it delayed? ''
And my favorite:``Poor Bumblebee Bureau.
What disease does it have?
We really should pray for her . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: script, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Ben, then Bill can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled is the -- yeah, clap, man . Come on.
Disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most surprised in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, have grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would promote less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe no.
Maybe we still need all society to teach our kids.
My threat has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floating by the dialogue of the Susan Lucy and the Clean Lab Abraham.
I got to act on a movie with Adam Sander and to work with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I took the world running``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was determined in the representation of the great state of New Jersey at the CNN of 2008.
And I founded``Massachu's children ,"a charity to give kids refugee patent to a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I gave this talk to her memory.
In peace, Dad.
I'm called Mahara Zam, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
He lives in a small town to South America.
This village is near Mogadishu.
drought leads to the small village to poverty and the edge of the invitation.
Without nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mogadishu, Somalia capital.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a shelter, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman who offers you to take it lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a developed group of people who give him a shock.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothing, money to send home, to their family.
I present to a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a bomb bomb.
That little boy from that little village with the dream of great care was suicide bombers, and that dynamic group of people were the Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how does a little kid in a little village try to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with it?
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing she got.
This was the first thing I took out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the outcasts, the unemployed urban young people who were unemployed by dialect in Johannesburg, disappearing riots in London, looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the door of access to the terrorist, to violence, to the gang, will be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Model Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital, thinking,``If I never had gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same time``waiting . ''
Would it have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate shop.
I assembled about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate, unemployed university, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the viral system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
And he saw an opportunity and he saved it.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started renting motorcycles to local residents who couldn't normally buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this different story?
I think that their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It takes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings, Mohamed Moker, a florist.
I was helping train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mosqueting has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used a plastic sent from abroad.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a company of farming and flower design.
I created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started to grow tuna and lights, that he said, could survive Mozart's hard climate.
And it started the delivery for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and like he says, smell the proverbial roses.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, they could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They've developed entrepreneurial solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bringing them into the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how he calls it, when he's created, will transform the way people see their city.
They'll take children from the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they get up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace parks than bus and``wait periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Android Mountains, an area that was the north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a virtual, and not to be the way we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed on a glass with a beautiful criminal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a garbage, about four square feet with apple hearts rotten by aluminum paper balls, and clever.
And I was stunned, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The bells that were too lazy to take what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question followed me, and it was simplified.
Who cleaned our trash?
No matter how you organize or where you put the``ours ,"who cleans our garbage in Istanbul?
Who cleaned our garbage in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health cleaned our trash, to reason from 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations all over the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage school.
It didn't just travel in the trucks . I drive them.
And he operated the mechanical heats and he broke the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevailing as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept getting to the weight of taking on their tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Lab Statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and you're walking around.
They just want to happen, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck, and it causes terrible damage.
And I also learned about how the trash of the trash.
When you get out of the bucket and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
I think stigma is especially ironic, because I firmly believe that waste collectors are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protectors.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of their container and their inherent dangers threaten in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades, and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new thing that the motors of economics start failing when it is in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed needed.
I mean, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or we take with us our coffee cup, our bands of the managers, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will be commissioned.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost litigation.
They're on the street every day, rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait for them.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leads to ourselves, from our own waste, our descendants, and that flow is always supposed to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the thick of a waste collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just killed, and he said,``We're going to be fine.
Let's go right . ''
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection, and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reclaim the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and get all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a mall in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to get running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city we realized there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside, so it's needed a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa and Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the old market that is this open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
And the next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a lot of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with an unfinished atrium that creates a space in the free air in the building that's protected, by its own shape, the sun and rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a tissue, similar to an ant shell, with perfections to allow the air entrance, and also in a filter way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dresses.
They have properties from fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is made up with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the one in the mall, because at the end of account there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer needed air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think on the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these dogs on the roof, in conjunction they collect water for the health.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of an antique that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 very similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell in the project, as apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we used a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with patients, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite project of the project is almost like introducing the community into the space of construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb up and make activities such as running a two kilometers' race, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair, very bright, and a little bit of pencils, cute . It was strong for the states of states, very good for origami.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I had a time after the school coming out of school . It was a little late, and I hid on the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I went into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher, the book of grades.
And then I did.
Allowax the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just a few.
All of the ones . And I was willing to return the book into the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good grades too.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows of Dan and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could ...
I'm still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea arose.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got caught.
It was all absolutely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I found the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for orthopedic.
I'm intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penetrated.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primate birds are very prone.
We know that cells are the number one cause of superconductors in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab where cells are studied in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, I wouldn't have Helen the infinite, no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no clock, or``The 1,000 and one . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
So, you disappear the reading list of high school reading, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Francisco ,"there would be no``Pass"or``Party ."We would lose from``Madame Bank"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of jealousy, almost all of them.
This year they become 100 years of his masterpiece,``In pursuit of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also of ordinary competitiveness, what we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the sensory details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humble magnitude in the washing tea.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Wood said was as hard as cat triple.
I don't know what cat traffic looks like, but we assume it's superior.
Let's see why they go together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proust.
It's going to be very obvious as the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their impediments, are a solid good foundation?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's life, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being both storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to clear the knife, right?
The cells make us all additional novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give another one, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every sentence that Saran detects in his lover, he adds her collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Swaptree and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Pole's boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The cells are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You need to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells are nurtured from information.
Cleans use details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the nice and small place of pencils.
The cells are nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . Press links well the academic language with the one of the cells.
When Swaptree is in his cell agony, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribes to the survivors of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that the cells look intelligent, and they make us look absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, the truth of truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what Proposia does, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes a range of much deeper and deeper feelings than a wise man who can interest us . ''
Is it telling us we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other excitement reveals our individuality, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Does any other emotion that teaches us to look at very peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would put it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, not realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Do it sound too much? Or does it accidentally take a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the core of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how cells make us look with intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more we're intensely closer we are, the more we become a fantasy of fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, cells lead us to do violent or illegal acts.
The cells drive us in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking of myself at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
One woman in Michigan age 52 was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one that was sent in the wild, horrible messages to himself for a year.
For a year . A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his boyfriend, I have to trust that when or this, reacted with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge, though unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel of Patrick Higgs.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The Talk Mr. Riving ,"books that are trying to how cells, confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in an instant.
Take Tom Ridley, his most famous character.
Tom Riving is going to want or want what you've got to get from your self, and you're going to post what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Ridley route.
I cannot give everybody, both as sometimes as I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where is the currency of envy? Right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're a mystery.
Let's go to the 271 of Baker Street, and we asked by Shirley Hollywood.
When people think about Holly, think about the curse in the Moriarty professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always prefer [to] Reserve, the head face of Scott Arm's rate that needs Holly desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
He needs his help, but the resistant, and business with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally, in``The Seven Napoleon adventure ,"once Holly comes into, he releases all of them with his solution, Derek goes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holmes.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there is no one person at Scott York who I wouldn't want to kill her hand.
It's one of the few times we see Holly transferred in history . It seems to me this very emotional thing . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat cells as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in the Netherlands, it's the opposite side of injury.
The next minute they're on the same side.
Suddenly, deregulation is allowed to admire that idea of being it.
Could it even be so simple?
What if cells are really a matter of geometry, just one question of where we can be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the other.
We can connect with it.
But I like the politics plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort.
Only fiction describes cells.
The fiction used to just the domestic, I invite you to the table.
And look at what's going on: the sweet candy, the transition Tom Ripper, the locus San San Mars.
We are in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11 of Apollo 11, and he went down on the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the modern surface gray was the culmination of a convenient collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in peace time in American history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave a job to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including Apollo 1 translation.
But before the program Apollo filmed , 24 men traveled to the moon.
And he's going on on his surface, which Aldrin after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why are you?
They didn't bring a lot of back : 804 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 would emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why is the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would I fly on the Atlantic?
Why do I play Rice against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Potal: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to transcendence the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to be able to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the politicians were eradicated and removed smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Technology in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 tradition flew at 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems we imagine that technology would solve as going to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been intractable.
I remember seeing Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last mass mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distracted us, and they had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate automated sale.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that are funded Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, incentives that risk capitalists offer business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were in their distant point without worrying about the risk, they preferred little investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
Circles have always had problems to invest with technology in technologies as energy, who need a huge capital, and whose development is long-term . They have never invested in the development of technologies destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . There are no.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about how political and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy: mostly, significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate today that we'll see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affects the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there are bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
The President Nixon will tell the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem; institutions have to support the solution; it has to be really about a technological problem, and we have to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability for technology to solve big problems, is about those criteria.
But it's an irreducible model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no Gandhian competition like the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy that heroin how difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular science fiction as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to moon it turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start reminding you by reminding you of the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a remix: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the link, the goal, and the task is wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recline, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, the anonymity: why do people think trust has diminished?
And if I think about the foundation of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm encouraged to think that it may have diminished in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were being discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half of the road.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion surveys are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
So, trust teachers?
You would probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but elsewhere . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain type of office, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my best friend to keep a conversation, but not, perhaps, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is different, why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract form?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to make a good judgment in the fact of trusting something or someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that the goal I would pursue.
I would have more confidence in what's wrong with trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm an approach to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who depended their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Defined trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it means that what matters first is not trust, but trust.
What it is about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain aspects.
And I think that to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competition in the relevant materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely dishonest.
If it is, I haven't yet noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trust before it trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, which made us easier to judge their confidence.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than you can bring the piece in itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that's destined to guarantee trust and evidence evidence, actually, is doing the opposite.
What they do is we have to figure out the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the midwives, by suggesting that``make the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will convey people to be reliable, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trust.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is distinctive because it gives us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring some naive evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks say I can get back without giving explanations.
I bring them back, and I get the money back, or they change them for the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're aiming for is not a very difficult thing to tell.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginnings of computers we've been testing for reducing the separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be bent.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the strong summit against the screen is transferred by the physical body to pixels.
Designers can measure their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers broke.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Science app division, along with my mentor City Boulder, I redesign the computer, and it transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with death cameras to detect fingers and face, you can now lift the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and files have a location in real space, select it is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can stick the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that are down on every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we are in the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought, and I've got things around the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I've got here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would be a future like this?
At MIT Lab at MIT with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Reit Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we would encourage gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical activity and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physical workers and distance, and the famous take from Michael Jordans can be replicated as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We start talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the expenses.
But my tiger mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a zero path to happiness: a safe and good job.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young people to learn the applications, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult loved the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends were telling me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So, at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared, that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another calling.
Anybody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
He took the books.
[" Follow Folding Forces"] [`` Listen"] [`` Lesters of History"] (`` History of History") I came to America in 1995, and what was the first books I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"is the Chinese company life.
And it's not convenient . It understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honor your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said .``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confirmation of confident guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
Lots of perspectives.
For example, at first this map seemed out of me, because this is what students in China learn.
And I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's even research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can be about Walter Isaac's``Benjamin Franklin"] by David McCasse's``John Adams ,"which were involved in a same amount, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Chart Thumb Path ."Thomas Merced: And instead of losing in the translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with the past and the present.
I know not to go back to me alone, I know not.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a broken dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a PhD student in Berkeley clinical psychology.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a hole, and he was lying on the couch of my office, he took my shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a picture as a first customer.
And I had a website I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we went back to the solution.
\" The 30s are the new 20s ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you're home, you have kids later, to death happens later.
For investors like Alex and I had time.
But soon later, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Sure, it's coming out with guys under your category, you run out with a hollow head, but it's not as if you're going to marry with it . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment``Aha! ''
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex to be the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and the future of investors everywhere.
There are 50 million investors in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one comes to adulthood without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the investors here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with investors, you love a vegetable, you take your dream out of the dream, I want to see . It's okay . Amazing, the investors really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years old.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments, that shape their life will have happened for when they're 30 and so many.
People over 40, don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final growth stage in its 20s, and it plays for adulthood, which means if there's something that they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than in any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its touch at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 is the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what investors are listening to.
newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists are named ridiculous names to investors like``therapies"and``skins . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them a little baby in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart investors, interesting, like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this,``I know my boyfriend is good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as you start a career before the 1930s, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts sound like this:``My 20 are about to finish, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts sound like this:``My dates during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then sometime around 30, the music went off and they all began to sit.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the investors here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the 30s and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that they start to show, which is much more difficult and more stressful to do every time at 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and curves see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the investors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a teacher.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then she took himself up to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new freedom for director, and I had spent all the morning to fill it with her many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words``In emergency case, please call it . ''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer? ''
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit as the decade of Emma passed forward.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the 20s, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that intervention, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not exaggerating the website, I'm discussing the exploration that shouldn't count, that, by the way, is not exploration.
It's programming.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are superingently overrated.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the investors who get together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to go almost always comes out of its nearest circle.
The new things come from what's called the weak friends of friends' friends.
Yes, half the investors have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak ties are the form of color to this group.
Half of the world's jobs are never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a nonprofit work.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less important, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as Venter, Emma soon will choose his family, and when he has a couple and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you're going to take you now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who chooses you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the fourth of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job offer gave a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loved his new career, he loved his new family, and he sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with with investors.
It's very easy to help them.
The investors are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which go out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, a good conversation, a good shock, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the investors that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling investors like Emma every day: The 30s are not the new 20, they get their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky: the kitchen.
I went to show you mathematics to seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, he calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have CNN scores.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time.
After several years more of a dozen years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
So what happens if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn very quickly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what chains they would remain in military training and who they would take.
We went to the National contest of Derek, and we tried to predict what children would be going to move away in the competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students's learning?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
Who's going to win more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature came up as a very important predictor of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was the determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to affect their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it's a marathon, not a career to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questionnaires and then waited around over a year to see who they were graduating.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater odds of graduate, even when I would engage them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Yo-Yo Contest in which the determination matters . It's also in school, especially for the risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I do know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Decret, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I'll end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing Taiwan as a daughter's daughter, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of the Chinese character.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreign, it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every sign in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and easy way.
A Chinese academic understood 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
First 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
Open your mouth as much as you can until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a front way,``Auditory! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of doors in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jona inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . dawn.
A door . Put a board inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
He played, did there are someone at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, climbing, mating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, be careful.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical ones will allow them to build 32.
The next eight characters group will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese learn.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east to China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached to each other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because the Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, exile has become going out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer from being a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave a brilliant excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of childhood fantasy.
However, Oz's magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a few years later, which was later, interestingly, another movie whose protagonist, a metal boy and a furry boy rescued a dressed girl as a enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you are the savings of Oz as the prophecy I predicted . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computers generated by the broken evil computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise, even village characters are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
It's only three years old.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of supervision was down . So, he went down in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but unfortunately, he was absolutely absorbed.
I wonder what to perceive.
Would they be worth of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would it have a sense that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1986 magician.
How does Dorothy win his movie?
By making good migraine with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with, OK, and not a world of men who are fighting, which is where we are.
Why is there so much F capital force, force in movies for our children, and so little about the way of yellow brick?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Princess Life doesn't provide the right framework that I'd been being served to navigate the world of adults that is microbes . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave any other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost as if it's a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend Disney's princess before any of you.
But they send a message to kids, although they, the kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job when we teach girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and Hemooloama and Katrina, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues in classic after classic, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who create a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
I recommend it to all of you . It's available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when she came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop you!
Well, almost none of these movies is going on the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and it already spreads, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alisa Beck is a comic comic, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation I had with a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you have to do: in the movie, there's more than a female character than having lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point of film?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid who they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I see it in the movies that we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality film, France.
Right? Remote of Oscar, talk success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood film is.
It doesn't happen the Beck test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the crisis crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Do you come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, of the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
One . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a greater number than this one that's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography videos are closely linked, but something wrong with, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual farming.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't you get to learn?
They're taking the story to say that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence, and then to take the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same, we find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a poetry, and we hope that that help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, well, it's going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new shoulder definition.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the elevator.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character in Star Wars was, do you know what he said?
Obama.
Edinburgh Kennedy and Global.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that are more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son says to my son: See, and fight only and more stories where you see that your job is joining a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Wizard magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles long to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try and make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in Egypt's eastern delta called Benjamin.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Internation, lost for thousands of years.
Intel was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Bay, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Intel was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge lighting plant.
This area is enormous, it's about six for 1.2 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Internation side, and as it changed over time, they moved into the east and cover the entire city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it randomly would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more unfortunately, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, we think it could be the location of IIT.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say to show, it's like the sample shows in ice, but instead of climate change layers, we're looking for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of slime, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of IIT, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think that's International.
We also find jobs of loss -- Korean, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows what's been there, a very important city.
We don't find Internet here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably it was written in Internation 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
Now, made ideas happen really started in 1984 -- C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts seawater in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the door color, to the material that it's made.
Now, visualizing a group of obese noises in bicycles.
They're competing in a nuclear array of bicycles, and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're losing strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around, wheels that pass on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the door threshold.
The lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . Light shines on the Museum of the crackers.
I'm waving you with your hand.
From your chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue ball by making them colonizations on your nose.
You can smell the porridge cookie and you can go through the mouth.
You go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little clothes, dancing about its center of center, singing``Hi Boy One More Time . ''
Now stop the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven they come to you Dorothy, the Man of Panbana, Spanish and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"grab in your hands, jumping towards you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken every spring in New York City.
It's called the United States champions.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise sensory.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could be able to memorize the order of a cliff deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved with this competition says they have normal memory.
\" We've trained ourselves to perform these miraculous memory acts using some old techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques who used Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I not have heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit exceptional, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a deck of live natives in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EPA.
He's a little bit, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember it had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows us to see what extent our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pepsi . He was based on the paper of Duke Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a evening together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone guides; was a hundred.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory, something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot really interesting.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture wasn't just as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds radically.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the latest places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of trained, disciplined, cultured memory is this simple competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in London College invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or broadly different brain from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control with them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snowflakes, found that in memory champions, they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there anything we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driving as a armed race where every year someone shows up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of navigating nations that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 410,000 random binary digits.
Half an hour . Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways of remembering things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques that are used in the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call``effective coding . ''
It's illustrates with a paradox known as the paradox``Barchine . ''
That's his appeal.
And then I ask you,``Remember that there is a barber . ''
And when I go back later, I ask you,``Remember that word I told you a while ago? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who said that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her that their job is``Baker . ''
Same word, different memory of memory; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually means nothing for you.
I have all the other memories that dance for your head.
But the word,``barber"-- we know baker.
They use smart white hats.
You have flour in your hands.
They smell good when they go back home.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting a lot of algorithms to fish them easily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory palace . ''
The story says this: There was a poet called Siens that associated a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he took his memory poem, and he was marching, and so soon he was, the bank room collapsed.
Let's kill them all.
But not only killed all of them, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them unrealistic.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't be buried.
One tragedy behind the other.
Sites, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed my eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every invited.
I took the families in the hand taking them where their loved ones were between the rubble.
What Sites warned in that moment is something that we all know about, or less intuitively, and it's no matter whether we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or word instructions, by our colleagues, we have visual memory and space.
If you asked me to get the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the horse, brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, decentralized, funny, strange and affordable, is the image, more unforgettable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it memory, the same way that you had done it Cicero if you had invited it to Ticket 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And to make some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely island competition.
And then you can imagine going into your house, and you can see the Museum of the cookie Mount on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
That's how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that it's going to confuse them, it's typical per typical.
In fact, the term``typical"comes from the``towns ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the work and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"would be like the first place in their memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got into that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this competitive memory subculture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting with tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit at the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school ad bought in a thumbs market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it is actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemicals, provocative, insulin, absurd and depositional hopefully in the eye of mind.
I'm pretty hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of origamins and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory experimental experiment.
I thought this could be very good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to build memory sticks or memorize banks, and to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, they're just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They're a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't run around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what EPA, the passion I couldn't even remember that had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what our short existence is, by leaving in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walk on our side, will we be so Hollywood we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible latent memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll just take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' home in a village called Linux, and this was my kid bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there you all had the time watching the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody saw me, and every time I was shower and I wrapped up in a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no area division, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're doing: you think of power,``stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know you think about it that way by based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a shock that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanism and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Linda Public Library that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, that let me interview what Living is trying to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side there is innovation; the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new therapies, new solutions for current life forms.
We push, we push and we push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do, and we're all happy, but we feel like transitions, so we start experimenting again; we make the pendulum back back back, over and over . So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called building.
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in sub-Saharan scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that we like, and we updated them.
We add together, and we added cake and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give any goodbye.
We take Chinese arms and we turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval cards made of glass.
The forms were agricultural, they won in audacity and color.
The bonds became columns.
The movies grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spent the while in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasy could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or Italian.
It's probably a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens with the modernism.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we start to make the pendulum, again, in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decorating.
We emphasize the historical symbols; we now count with new design techniques, and we find new compositions -- some ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the police pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, they were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times newspaper changed this miraculous building.
The tourism in Bilbao went up by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical ways, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media went around them and quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the same mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon from the beginning of the new millennium country with other star architects.
I went to Zaha and Liberians, and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually began to happen with all the architecture . digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked into the next village to see a building.
transportation accelerated: they can take a ship, an airplane, they can be tourists.
The technology accelerate . You can see in the newspapers, on the telly, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not very accurate to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I know what I designed four years ago was successful or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were stopped.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we are in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the revolution of media.
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to media, it starts to focus faster and faster, to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, among us, architects, and you, the public.
We can now make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, from something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a town called Pines in Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and because the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, it became a medium of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made of the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Liverson.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Monitors that can take the mayor of Linux, the people in Liverson, and tell them that there is no single response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use complicated words and drawings, and one is no longer a described audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen, and you're not allowed to be interested by architecture.
That means that the fossil pendulum from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the story of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical grid of red brick based on ideas of what has been a stadium.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because eventually we will be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are administrative to the whims of nature and not otherwise.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sport or for yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River of New York, and raise half a million dollars from the surrounding community around that cause, it's no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion pavilion, as museum and fibers like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smaller spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
It just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of the children of a year, shaking, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that you most like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He's laughing and she's quiet, and they give themselves those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me I used to do it, and he made me think,``When do I do this? ''
How are we suddenly not comfortable with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look for Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Far, he's 13 years old and he lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it only wants to be wanted and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused, because even though his mom tells him the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
It's between what your mom says and what your friends, or school peers say, don't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of her, he publishes it on YouTube, and he tells others to please leave a comment,``Am I a beautiful or am I ugly? ''
Well, until now, it has gotten over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, who receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what's it leading them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, talking, saying,``I like it ,"commenting, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are impossible.
This environment, of being always connected, is holding our children to performance by based on the number of``I like"that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most detailed thing in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are embedded from the news of girls now.
Zero stem models continue to dominate our careers.
The tech technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``Translators, chip ,"and promise.
For those of you who know it, it means promising.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the surface stars of sports, and the robotic singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and individual individuals.
But in an obsessed culture by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contribution to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They prevent to participate in classrooms because they don't want to attract attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending classes at all during days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young young people.
So, to make it clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem about its body is declining academic performance.
And it's also losing health.
The teenagers with self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all over what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early and without protection and harm facility.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have, or they don't have higher chance rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day that they don't feel secure with the way they look.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical departure points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the reins in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to deal with the contribution of our politicians in hairs or the size of their breasts, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
We all can start by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their efforts and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you kiss a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children are going to grow the whole person valuing their own person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
By making a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out on the big screen, because we'll just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they look like, you know, you see the ones who are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife?
Do you have a sister?
Your daughter?
Your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that self-organizing voice inside, that he was afraid of not having long legs, more thin, moments, a cooler belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we knew this, and we would say laughing to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is we love them for who they are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we speak and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small transit of a year of today, become agents of safe change agents.
So let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Skype Narey went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Mars Kate rabbi, the leader of the Left Defense League.
Norden initially declared it, but being prisoners for other charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 cents in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later Norden would be convicted of his participation in that bombing.
Alexandia Nailboard is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania , 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, primary school teacher -- between the two they did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so deeply aware of their convictions that they think we need to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat down with me, and he explained that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to take in Long Island, to practice.
He told me I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carter Pill poster that, without knowing our group, was dominated by the FBI.
When I played my father, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot, I gave the little orange light on the goal and, for all, especially mine, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle became the other and Arab, he said,``Open Ivan . ''
As a parent, such child.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny to do.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a loaded van with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and I wound another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``amazing ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had been moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time it started to feel comfortable about somebody, it was a moment of packing and going to another city.
As it was always, I was the new face of the class, often was killing.
It was surprised by my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regenerative, was sufficient enough.
So most of the time, he was going home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly, to grow up under the phantom, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could eyes open?
One of the first experiences that they put out my thinking, was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a computer program where I participated in the juvenile National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a graduate victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done with friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days out of this detail, and I realized that there was no scaffolding between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and I frankly felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all of life had ever been made to believe that it was reliable.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gates, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and, by extension, all the homosexuality were bad influences.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been accused of child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat friendly people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homosexual, but I do know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intolerance, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways he became my home figure in a moment where I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that would conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with democratization and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zach Earth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody, one day, who is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better path . That even though I was given to this violent and intolerance ideology, I didn't get a fantasy.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism, and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism speak, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
And with this simple, I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all very much indeed . Thank you very much indeed.
At this point there is a movie that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multitasking film.
It's in 3D, and it's got the surface sound of what you hear, and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your movie has gold, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything on the right.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the experience of the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have any certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for most of the 20th century, they predicted that vision.
psychology studied the objective behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but no one mentioned the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, it all began to change.
Neurologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pearl said,``It's now the moment for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work I presented Nancy Kanzi a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain do, and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't tackle the real central mystery of this matter: Why is all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective movie movie?
Right now, we cannot understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like employers, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all of these emerging behaviors, how the markers operate, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, adapt and replace living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we're talking about, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I am a scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-esteem that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're standing at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great . We used chemistry, the chemistry explains biology, the chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that are at the beginning that they will seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're fundamental, and there the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is slightly alarmed.
In the 19th century, it found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws . So I put the basic laws of the electronics, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then because of logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to be a sense of consciousness as something fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to scientifically handle.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can estimate them in a remix.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can scan them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know how laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called pandemics:``bread"for all,``passenger"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No, like that.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some raw, subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think something so crazy?
This is part of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illegal, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate thinking with the physical process, is bringing awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there is consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something really exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Gialome Tong, took this kind of theory and developed it regularly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called phone, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of faith, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there is an average degree of information integration, equally quite significant, quite important.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the dog's degree would say.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a level of different consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of faith, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that skydiving can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained,``Where is the fire of the equations? ''
From the personalized vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it into equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of an additive.
It's right there at the center.
So this vision, I think, panel vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a package and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not both the fact of consciousness, but your importance and your complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, as computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``Hero"?
Is it conscious?
According to panela vision, she has a complicated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you're planning pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of catching them.
Finally, you can ask for the whole collective consciousness, the planet.
Does it have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each other?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least a question that should take seriously.
So this pantheronical view, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental, that it's universal.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I fought my youngest sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't done anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's porch, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Buffett The Valley ,"and``Dawkins's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
A few years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of disability for a few good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation discourse.
When people in the wheelchair, talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act hall . ''
And it was then when I realized: this kid had had experiences with disabilities as inspiring objects.
And we're not . And it's not a guy's fault, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you are waiting for you to inspire them . Right? Yeah.
Well ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid I'm going to describe them miserably.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is something bad, to base, my mass.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make any exceptions.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invited ."Indeed.
Or this one,``Before I abandon, interact! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the little bit of hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a kid who runs with artificial legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term term deliberately, because it makes a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we classify the disabled people with no disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, as bad as my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that they've been strange to me to express that they think I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to raise myself in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to be aware.
These images, those images cost people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
So let's overcome some things.
But the things we know are not the things that you might think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I subscribe to call social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very sick with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as you do, and that's what happens with kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match them in the way we do it, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because you've sold us this lies that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by taking inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I am more fortunate than them.
Now, learning that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue paint to collect the things that are falling down, learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery phone battery on the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is excited and it's confusing us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a staircase of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never . Rover to a television screen will not make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and spreading a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Buffett the Theme Slogan"is not considered no mistake for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
Disability doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you believe about that, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a glass without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't get rid.
When people think about augmented reality, think about``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, holding hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know that, because reality is really increasing to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I'm wearing: Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running through the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a man from 110 pounds are chasing us, trying to disappoint with all of their self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is to use under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine climbing on the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klult: Let's go.
It's horrible to be trapped.
One moment . Let's take a little bit.
Ready?
Come on!
Chris Klult: As you can see, it's a probability of what's being labeled in the football field, from the perspective of the train.
You've realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington.
fieldwork: Michael 54! Mitches 54!
Blue eight, Blue 8! Go!
Chris Klult: This is a little bit closer to the feeling of being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Googlet and Google Glass, how do we get full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Occupy Rift, which is surely a lot of you know.
The Occupy Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! Oh!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrianne Peter crossing the line, disappearing from a translator with the arm before running and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Moses running down the court, throwing the ball on the bottom of the network? Or FedEx doing a bowl in similarities?
What will be your experience when it descends from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Maybe you'll increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not yet augmented.
It's just virtual reality, RM.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R?
We will achieve augmented reality when coaches, ministers and owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief repair about technology at NFL.
In 1965, Baltimore's powers put a handle to their field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the hull of the fields of fields and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group, and you see their next player showed in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you take . You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose games, and they hate to lose games.
If you lose games, they're stopped as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
An augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner corner, having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that you're already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
Bad information will have information.
It's going to differentiate the good teams of bad ones.
So, your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the analysis of data will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look for an open receptor . Suddenly, a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight plane you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Usually, you wouldn't see it, but the L.A. system is aircraft.
You move into the protection area.
Another flashlight is plane you there is an open receptor.
You launched the ball.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receptor sees in its bombsight an area of grass that goes light and can modify the race.
He's approaching, he caught the ball, he runs and he's anonymous.
The public will get it, and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports league.
It generated billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being pursued?
How much is it going to be for a Health Commander or a distant Neil tend to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karlians?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service at the High Line in California.
Now, most of those 23 years, I happened to patrong the south end of Marine County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Bridge Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, a head engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is virtually to evidence.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, such as the fall from it from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass down your soul.
But let me tell you, it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which are vital organs.
Most of us die in the impact.
Those of you who don't, normally fall into the inevitable water, and then they drowned.
I don't think that the ones who are contemplating this suicide method are aware of the death of death to which they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 parachute inches in the bridge.
This is where most people get to take out their life.
I can tell you about the experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we succeeded that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contemplating suicide, but the officials also.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veteran officials and psychologists train new officials.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a suicide subject sitting in the corner near the center.
I responded, and when I came, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remembering the Greek mythology, Zempos created Pandora, and sent it to Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
And they came out of pests, penis, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open your box and there's no hope? ''
It was stopped in the right, leaned on the right, and it was.
This new, smart boy in New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked with Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The externalities of suicide affect a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide?
What would you say?
You would know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life; have you had these thoughts? ''
confront the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve; impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and he's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb, but I'm going to notice more moments to really realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Pennsylvania to San Francisco to see the game of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the police of Pennsylvania and reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jumping from the bridge at 185,000 of the evening day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your fight.
The LHC, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Viking . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and go to the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and courage.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my engine down the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed immediately the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided about his account that day back on that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, happiness.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it be that made you come back and give you hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what I was told?
He said,``I heard.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
\" Dear Mr. Brigades, Nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was classified by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly measured.
Kevin to Kevin, when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
It's just in debt with you, Orange Bertie . ''
And at the end, she writes,``PDF . When I visited the San Francisco General Hospital that night, you would figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've been found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather gets suicide.
That act, despite the end of its own pain, I was stealing the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about throwing another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually, this is done only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
At the end of it, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And it jumps.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second who they left from side, they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving for.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and one question makes it, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had from a girl.
My foreign finally ran with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture, I think it's Gene, you get it, you get it.
But the October past, I discovered that, right, I'm starting.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us.
They are people who always challenge the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called epiphany.
This is mine.
I was recorded as``kid"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember that my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to automate.
The gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never showed me my story, not because I thought I'm bad, but how the world is about those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many aren't so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's an Indian goddess, the child's goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15, when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she said,``Why haven't you involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she participated her, she would take the inspiration spending and the costumes, and that night, he won in bathroom, he won in gallery suit, and he got third funding between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty reinventing.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from the beauty queen of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the displaced, especially when we traveled to remote Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I operated in Thailand at 19 years old.
It's curious that in some of Thailand's most rural cities, they do the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or power, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears looked minister.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many aren't so lucky.
I think of this woman's mom Albert Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who completely lived his truth, but he was described, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the November 20, we do a global surveillance for the Commissioner Day of Transition.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who fight and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marshall F. Johnson and Sylvia View.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, nor fear.
I'm here, exposing it, so that someday there are no longer any more violence from November 20.
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rockett: Sure . You'll see, first, thank you for my blessings.
In my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women, who I've oriented, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, you can call this woman? ''
Sometimes, some times, it's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned to the birth, and what I'm trying to do is put the table on the topic that sometimes that partnership doesn't block, and that there should be a space that allowed people to self-organizing, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually meet them for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who meet her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending its rights in 2007, and when their efforts had been manipulated in 2011, when their efforts were manipulated in 2011, he was very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't get celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes, it gives her mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and with a son's hope, when I shake his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffers, but the daughter . The newborn daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, you stay home and school admit to your siblings.
At the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
You can get fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when he comes into the adolescence, when he turned 13 years old, he was asked to leave her house without a male ancestor.
He's confined to four walls in his house.
It's no longer free.
It becomes the honor called his father's honor and his brothers and his family, and if he transfers the code of that honor assumption, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this supposed code of honor, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joys of his life and the happiness of her sisters in the name of honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that's called an object.
A good girl has to be very quiet, very humble and very supporting.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accept the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be useful.
If the young home, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it messy.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The home, you love it, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he puts the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
He wanted brothers and sisters, when he was born Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Maitreya, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admitted it in my school.
You will wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school, it means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I signed up the Canadian search form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the applause of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged him to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've cared about all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, taught the students, forget the lesson of the object.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called Sherman.
He wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we met a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called television.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the girl girls and the killed singers.
They were suffering millions, but few people spoke, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and threaten when you talk for your rights.
It's really terrifying.
At 10 years old, Malaysia got up and raised for the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a climate around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign, and on October 9 , 2012, he was shot in the head.
It was a date for my family and me.
The world becomes a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame my daughter, your daughter? ''
And she said,``Please don't blame.
It's the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined.
They were both on the right path and God protecting it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't wonder again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital, and I had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spreading through my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my smile tone and my face in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it's confusing us.
He wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that has made so bold to malaria so brave, expressive and equipment? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Montana group from Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the Google X visualization division, but all the work I'm going to talk about today about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get you to a brain operation.
Are you still equal or not?
If you don't, can you become smart?
After the neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the ultimate death of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and chemistry mix, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than one time I've been saved.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my self-confidence, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case: for a few months, I tried typical doses and chemicals for a man in the 20s, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several types like that, or maybe some standard versions.
It turns out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, to fix a problem that had in front of it, and it simply doesn't happen.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to achieve . When we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth, I was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want, testing new ideas and gathering situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like smoke, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, it manages to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental messages, really vivid, good sophisticated and well-educated.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Do you imagine what it would happen if a movie director was able to use its imagination only to steer the world that has in front of it?
Or if a musician could extract your head music?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups drawn in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia gains and its Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The column in the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by the contents of the central column on the left, and you see that the difference is almost zero-sum.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost zero-sum.
Now, let me share you another experiment . This is the Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed the brain waves in recycled visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as their brains were scanned to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan, decided to show what seemed that the person was watching.
On the right, you can see the computer reductions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us bars.
We're fine about doing it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember when you see a picture, and when you imagine that same image, you create the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the biggest brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do it?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes.
I'm not offered for that.
Now, many of you are providing new projection techniques for images, even me . Tell the recent MRI result, we should first ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, we do better magnets.
We can create more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a foam.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in research of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmitter and receptors often FM radio systems in MRI systems.
Instead, instead of an uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing processing, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use the IRA, we should be able to measure not just the blood flow of blood, but the hormone of hormones and neutrons that I mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to make our ideas a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be able to?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of the human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine to take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Your closet may be telling some person for the first time you love it or tell somebody who's pregnant, or telling somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every gun is a difficult conversation, and even though our topics can vary, the experience of having lived and having come out of that closet is something universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Wall Coffee, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various phases of the intensity of the classical military: I wouldn't break my armpits, to quote the letters of Ann Di Franco as a letter.
And I'm going to be able to realize that by the Dutch of my short pants, and by having shave my head, I had a little bit, I would usually ask a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would be a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rainforest.
And the father was instantly working the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I was boiling inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready, and was about to come into the female affairs on the table . I had the quote from Betty Friedman.
The Gloria Steinem quote.
Even a snippet of the Vagina Monologues I would show.
So I breathe up and down the gaze and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a female owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you a kid or girl? ''
So I was breathing again, and I stood up with knives about it, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a pause, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Oh, OK . You're a girl.
What about the package I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the pack and I, both, we were honest to one with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and I know, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard thing isn't relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank, is harder than telling you that it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your son five than you're going to divorce?
There's no harder thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classifying what it is difficult to what it is difficult to what it's difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sense of security, or at least safer than the other side of the door offers.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are made, a gun is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four years to go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, approached in a corner of my dark closet pushing my big gay, and the moving one muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world turned around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big girl, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable gravitational launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the invited knew that it was gay, and when I did my hormone lady jobs, in my black dress and tapes, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people I knew I did years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay clock had started.
\" Aha, did you ever get in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Ah, do you know my Antarctica stupid?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Aha, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who loves us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, he finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of the grains.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were working.
And what else can you ask someone, but will you work?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I've gone out of.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panoral girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but understand that what it means coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others should know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just say it . Just take it out.
If you know they're gay, give them.
If you say to your parents that maybe you could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important -- leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You've never been engaged with that.
And some of them can go out safe wounded, they apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will be disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark darkness pushing a grenade, you should know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the speed.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote by Douglas Dickens that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Emily Dictators wrote this, he did it as a critic to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try and understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
We go back a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth and the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, until a certain moment in time, asteroids that demolished the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program, I took a few years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through several disciplines, that they pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to developing intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of future possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, there's a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = miles for intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the options open, with a force T, with the diversity of the future accessible future, yes, to an impending future time, tweet.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: There are recent research research, that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that intellectual cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize long-term entropy production in any system that is inside.
Amazingly, entropy could pass multiple animal intelligence tests, play human games, and even make money trading actions, all of it without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling, here we see entropy balancing automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He simply decided about his own balance.
This balance of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out of opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, tracking its potential for play.
So here we see entropy organization new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping a successful network.
This same network organizing capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see entropy organize the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world in the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy, spontaneously discovering and running a shame strategy, sold in a simulated series of stock negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its exponentially management.
This ability for risk management will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Going: What you've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them are derived from one equation, which leads a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
And back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the``RS"works, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then magical and try to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
They often ask me,``How is it that I'm going to look for the goals of this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to pass the offspring to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of potential planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures light intensity from stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets as well as the distance between them and their stem star.
In conjunction, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth's planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their own.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets we found are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is being under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Marine glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I'm looking for alien opportunities in the investment sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the pursuit of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better: those of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocky, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we study so much to Mars.
Our standards like the``Curiosity"track its surface in pursuit of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the MAMAR mission, take samples of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights, but also the tempting possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of our planet deserts, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be colonized, really extracting places compared to Mars.
Even in the saddest and most elevated places of the Earth, the air is fresh and represented from oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other drag planets have a big and sad shadow: the implication and belief of some of Mars waiting there to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is truly livable, Earth.
As much as I like interpersonal exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will have place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for interpersonal exploration and land preservation don't contract.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, to preserve and enhance life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world looks like aliens.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and swollen areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked,``I realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of alien life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough technology to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save us, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the probability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own home.
And as I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a stranger, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a stranger could take a long time to get, and I made cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I felt my passport and my suitcase.
It would happen expensive, but surely it's not more expensive than a stranger at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was fine.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Cortex releases correction that increases heart rate, modulate the levels of adrenaline and 1990s.
And when I got to the training show at the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in their place, they prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, you measure the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month after my thoughts, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn, who was the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed I told him that he broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prospective retrospective.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the optimism.
Everybody knows what the poet is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the optimism, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'll tell a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds common, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's good, where the fish are, that it takes the fruit trees, where the friends and the enemies are living.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is grateful in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the official sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, reading glasses and passports.
So, at home, they put a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you give up a place, and you're screening with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, license, passport, send it to yourself so that you're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and it involves thinking.
So part of the prosthetic practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in your site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is emerging as a protein for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the one that would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to get a drug to help you reduce the cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today . It's probably likely to know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, you pick the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask from the most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for CNN, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think of what kind of crazy statistics that is?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not get me something if I wasn't going to help.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of the Williams that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recycled statue, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Greek and Pamela Harvard, confirmed in an independent way by Bloomberg.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take medication for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, a brain attack or another adverse event.
Now, you might think,``Well, one likelihood in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it's,``Tell me from high school effects ."Yeah?
For this particular drug, high school effects occur in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: design pain and articulate pain, post-conflict pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clarity.
So think about how you're going to take this over time, so you don't have to make a chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, no? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out by the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air because of the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that the most is done in men over 50, extinction from prostate cancer, the number needs to treat is 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
They include the importance or erectile dysfunction, urinary income, straight gratification, fecal inclusion.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent, the effects will just take a year or two.
So the idea of optimism is to think before the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a long option, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with your family and your loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that a lot of systems come up.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react quickly . You could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail every once.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent things bad happen in the first place.
On the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the gate in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered, and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more softly.
Two, even more soft.
Four, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of them can have, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the SARS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came in during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that today we know as SARS.
So it has a story about 200 years old.
And I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in an foreign country, following their rules, custom, behaviors and standards without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
So learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't hit the door! ''
\" You don't do much noise when you eat the potato bag bag! ''
\" No equations, and when you're eating, Make sure you don't hold the covers on the dish . ''
I call this all``sound tags . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag than the average person does it.
I'm super surveillance of sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
TEDTalks, to continue.
TB, for announcing.
You can see that the penguin has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and blobs.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for people in the SARS.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, to make my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that struck me.
There was no visual art, it was all auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through your ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything I've been taught in the sound, I decided to leave it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was something of a person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be done to me and my artistic work, or I could empower.
I chose to be empowered.
There's a massive culture around language spoken.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, in society's eyes, it's like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
That way I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from SARS.
And your voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask for your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be destroyed in oblivion and not have any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and SARS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express fully on the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in AOL.
The two are very special and highly modular, meaning that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as sounds.
I'd like to share a piano of the piano, so that they understand better how the SARS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The SARS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would put one keyboard at a time.
However, the SARS is more like an chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in SARS.
If only a key would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In AIDS, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign``field in that . ''
This is the``page in that . ''
I'm watching you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got caught.
Uh oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I look at AIDS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and puts.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say``all night ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights,``night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AOL, and how the length of the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero . It's one hand, two stories . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is,``A long time ago . ''
Then, past,``used to"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time,``There was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific pace of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically at the same time.
Look at MIT: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the packaging through the head and the chest.
( Face: MD, flag ,"] [`` Common Time] [`` Common Time] I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``flag garage . ''
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the SARS.
Now, the third . Please show me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the SARS.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Let me love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good work.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and chest . But they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the SARS is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And only because the SARS doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the SARS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn SARS . You don't have to hear to learn music.
The SARS is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, engage in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love.
Thank you.
Dennis Karthrophers: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said to me,``You can examine everything, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or an ignorance bubble I have to say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults also get up and that they're not very good to clean up the others of others.
The time, I'm now an adult and teach citizen and invention at Hong Kong's Harvard school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the tropical beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this very low work table so that very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collected the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in accessories, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through sensor while the computer on the board process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention in a website called``Institute ,"with the hope that someone gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning an oil spill, just using hands, in Snows, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water where they bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and the oil is also a brown color, and when everything is mixed, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called the spectrum, that allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can illuminate through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids remotely.
[ I can investigate a distance problem] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all of the Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by Keserval.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of it, it looks safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't afford it.
But every night we report to the control center -- here's the use of different masks.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do after the strategies, the intimacy, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent real time data, and we stole water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain into the Syrian system and decentralized in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to a mile of the nuclear central, and with the help of the area of the area, we were collecting the sediments of the seawater with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started to try to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit of a little bit, and we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, optics, basically, can be built almost from there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids' dreams can actually come back with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Canada Haropokues: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children in the awful truth, because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, servers, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is imposing about the environment, the other creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that fights for free.
The fifth was only Michelangelo tool.
But living beings are not quoted.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information to do it for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing records and production.
The assembly lines have made a world made out of parts, setting up the imagination of trained designers and architects that are trained to think their objects as display of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find homework materials in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diabetes.
The skin skin is thicker with little pores.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect by working today between the fifth and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere, analysis and synthesis, shows on the two screens after me.
My job, at the simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder: Why now?
Why was this not possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they conclude four disciplines that offers designers access to the tools that we have never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour rise of diameter with a spectacular basis that some day not too far away to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanotechnology made of genetically modified microphones.
Here we have reinvented the cellulose, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every opening is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris fashion parade with Iran van Herbary . It's like a second skin made from a single piece, the contained, flexible around the waist.
Together, with 3D 3D printing collaboration, we printed this layer and fall 3D face with no seams between the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, a comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a supernova.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, obesity and color, running the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and unfortunately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
No parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them got to me and I got to define a lot of what matters me.
As she says,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit trailer tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the Earth made trees grow with branches, cortex, sticks and flowers.
Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask,``What would be the design if objects were made from one piece?
Will we come back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biopsy on the planet is called take, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we cut them up and we produced tape paste.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple bullets of extraordinary controlled dung.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long , 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without any land problems, and if it blows even more, windows.
A fruit, front tree of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp beds in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life, and placed on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating clothing to keep the life for interpersonal travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own element of elements: new forms of life created computing, made by additive and augmented ways in a biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, only that instead of training precious metals, new biological functionalities are synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the computer.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
One turns light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, to help them flow these bacteria and allow their way to the way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we had more transparent channels.
This portable digital system, when you stretch from one end to another, it was 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED first, our first portable physicist, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're creative past creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase life?
And if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they repair the damaged tissue and they would hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . Adam with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it's metaphor.
Now, not additive manufacturing comes up to this level of sophistication.
It does it by combination not two materials, but two different proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to thread a ticket of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, the spinnerets.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that he shrinking a flat shell and still metabolized.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to death inside their chapters, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates we could shape the raw silk without having a single chapter.
They were sensitive, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk templates, and we put it on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and corn areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abuses, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms about the structure.
We were prepared to get the organisms.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to thread with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and while they were boiling, they were going up, they mate, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When we silk biological silk on the high-performing silk, they give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 5,000 silk worms take a mile.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The cops, after the explosion, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other empty empty.
If the last frontier of design is to live the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us for the first time, which we have burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you asked them for the first time?
You can show you with your fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be? ''
It's been some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the killing and the art and developed websites . Furthermore, I played the guitar in a punk band called Telescope Frustration.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this sense of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something totally different, and I'm immersed in it, and I'm sorry, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found myself ,"and then again I start to wonder.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a race.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and I'll be able to be bored.
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something bad about me not to define anything.
I worried to be afraid of engagement, or to be dispersed, or behavior or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have done so.
Ask yourself, where you learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where I learned it: I learned it from culture.
We're asked first,``What do you want to be? ''
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
It's considered an naive question to make nice answers in kids like,``being an astronaut"or``being dancer"or``I want to be pirate . ''
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know.
This question is done over and over again as we grow in different forms, P, high school students, ask you that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes out.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are well-intentioned, and say,``Oh, how nice, but you can't be an art of violence and psychologists.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's artists of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, a magazine editor turned into illustrator, business, teacher and creative director.
But most of the kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real calling, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What happens if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel only.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And to feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multinational is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a puffs.
It could help if it divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, renewable.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shah refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term they like or invent one.
It seems like a kind of a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see malnutrition as a limitation or an application that you should beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in intersection.
So, Shart Hurricane and Rachel Bionics expressed his shared interests in cartography, data visualization, math, mathematics and design, as I founded Boston.
Moster is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's what new ideas come from.
And the multinationals, with all their background, can access to a lot of these intersection points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multinationals are interested in something, we go to that.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to being beginners, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area we're going to pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dublin is a full-time, independent journey.
As a pianist child perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest machine known.
Before becoming a writer, Norden was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this skill helps him write compelling launch for editors.
It's rarely a loss of time to do what you're drawn to, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . It's the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Cape is sometimes director of videos, other, website designer, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The Apollo Forest Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to engage to satisfy the needs of market, which will really thrive.
synthesis, rapid learning and adaptability: three abilities where the crowds are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're pressure to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the multinationals to them.
We have complex, multinational problems right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialist and a multi-digit multinational.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd provides an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all be designing lives and careers that harmony with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multinationals in a large part are told to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reclaim with the internal cable, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, specialist for all the media.
That's where you will give the best thing.
But for the multinationals in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say,``Recover with their many passions . ''
They follow their curiosity by those rabbits.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and more happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multinational, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman called August, they took it to a psychiatric in France.
He was delivered, and he couldn't remember even the most basic details in his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Albert didn't know how to help August, but he was flying for her until, unfortunately, he passed in 1906.
After his death, Alexander did a autopsy, and they found strange plates and plans in the August brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If August had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alec gave him 14 years ago.
Alexander was Dr. Allendas Alzheimer.
And August Deter, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect ourselves from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-power tools for hearts and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affect 150 million that, by the way, will include many of you.
If you wait to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs prevent a five times in 2050, as the baby's generation is older.
You may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 death causes around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases, because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last hundred years, all of us, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer with aging.
We think that it will be healthy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to a patient's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to abandoning a loss of loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's is significantly reduced by life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about it.
Today we know that they are made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that's folding as an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it gets good, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay outside.
This makes protein molecules fit each other, forming groups that can form big plates and elephants.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step-by-step is complex, like describing a bomb.
cutting a wire could do anything.
cutting each other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that I block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that paste each other inside of them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, you're about you.
We need to focus that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too daunting to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help talking about them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times Museum, in January of this year.
So, to fall out of somebody, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself a summer night.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strangers are transported to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then both look at eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions for example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or a skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really likes -- Tell your partner what you're happy from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, it was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column Love Modern, a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do they follow together yet?
And the reason I think you wonder this is because I've been asked this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so, I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousands of views.
And that took a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he gave, he had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday, they had already called me the Tod Show and the Good Monster American.
In a month, the article got over eight million visitors, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they were always doing the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately put red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the response of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public appearance together.
He collected television interviews, and he refused the photographs of the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the inventing icons of the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: I mean, if it was able to produce nasty love, not just an adventure, but real love, love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, above all, that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if you're going to go together or not, and I'm going to tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the researcher goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for foster training between college students, using what Aaron called sustained, progressive and reciprocal openness.
It sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer to doing it . Several subsequent studies were also using the rapid friendships of Iran as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community members, and they've used it between people of political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I: Do you mean that you love you from the person who you did?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I was, but became better friends?
Do you feel that you got to know better after testing the study?
The seat.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that's the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really hard separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, what I was doing practically all my adult life, and he was my first love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I went into science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just investigate for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel so bad.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I'm looking for of love is a guarantee, not only being loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It can be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because love us makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: Do you still follow together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like,``How do you decide who deserves your love and who? ''
How do you stay in love when things complicated, and how do you know when you cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner doubt?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as in love.
So, love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We get in love because we take the choice of being.
And I'm struck by a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to support.
I won't consider how many times we have both to make that decision, and how many times I'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, I'd chosen to love someone so generous, kind and fun and expressed that election in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done instead is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the ultimate influence in my article's title, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some levels in full mountain, and in a way, I got like a bug of the forest.
I was in New York City a while ago, which really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of excuses and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I dragged all the pages, and I made a kind of chest cells to the Air Martin style, the resin covered and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding out the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realize that God can draw in space.
I can flow trained, drawing the same as it is around a deck on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own specific species of specimens.
First, botanical -- you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Siberia.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dying.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that were a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work was a very big thing, I call``trapped . ''
For the tropics, I was inspired in a big measure in Hospital Forest's``The Garden of Drug"which is a painting in the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic painting.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the tropics . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these animals with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh underworld where they hide.
This is where the animals with animals are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass crawling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a elevator.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the oil platform of the Walmart spill, the Osama Bin Laden shelter, there are all kinds of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
And anyway, also a kind of a job.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he writes oil in a hand while the other hand comes out.
Their hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythology that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the tropics.
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I wrote.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a nose, like a bird peak, and I spit cloud of this trailer.
It also has a tail of 5,000 feet long a snake tail that joins the``tropics . ''
Anyway, your tail is going to come up with a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in an ecological balloon of the 1986 terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball baseball cards.
It brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscopes that weigh 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This is a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can interview the entrance.
I'm going to join you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notes, or whatever it has, a kind of source thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body part of half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There's a few pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside of terror cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Present currents.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world; and a garden.
Let's take the box and all the people inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you slow your head?
They take an asteroid.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indigenous system for any medical medicine in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you pull it out any drug, it will dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CD cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they tend to get to the blood current, they dilute, and worse still for the time they tend to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: in HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is unacceptable and not easily in the bloodstream of patients that are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today's drugs that is a life treatment, which is an oral life treatment.
One day, I felt, and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use dentistry, for injured wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything to imagine, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You're best asked,``How is that possible? ''
We send a small laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser pulls the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this online technology or plate technology, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incidence on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total HIV in the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying state groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in the course, because war has changed.
It used to be a storm between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 26-year-old peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1976 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of resolution of successful conflict.
But how do we do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed fight and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global view.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Hyun-Sook, known for its violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980, Hubble has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also managed the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They make a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet sites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
The armed groups also invest in a complex without sacrifices, but by profitable business, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, to increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put a professional form of training programs or microscopes.
Hebora offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan designed by war or even the principle of the ISIS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, the less we can tell them as something counterintuitive to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebox?
They take a bit of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines are working.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak states are, as in the Middle East today, more in the Middle East, the more they intervene, and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and take peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and not state actors, military power can win some battles, but will not give us peace and stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very, but I fear that accepting the label of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore, I'm struck as a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started to call the Mexican Beaut.
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate production, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step behind.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with men and they hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly, looks like a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people to insist that I could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation, a word taboo and nasty.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too long, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's the same or higher to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are amazing: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, open or violence.
We have right to use an easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to count our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, a gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I lead to work, I listen to space rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and I'm deeply offended, the classic``Salt Shah"classic is incredible.
\" Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Park, dance, move until you get the shell! ''
Think about it.
Powerful poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical likes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the caregiver's caregiver and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Bacchanal"and romantic comedy, and I have plenty of absolute fantasies from the fairy fairy stories.
Some of my crimes are more discarded.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband's applause, it's his choice, and I'm not a judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is wired in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It takes the conventional feminism that has ignored or devoted historically the needs of women in color, workers, workers and transgendered, in favor of white, heterosexual women, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting feminist feedback in a pedestal.
We hope you're going to be aware of perfection.
When we're disappointed, we'll cut them up with a lot of like the same fish where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I've already considered that little bit before you try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, they're afraid of being tagged as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist ,"because of what that sticker means, for fear to not be able to deal with a little realistic expectations.
Take for example to Ben, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Video Music Arabias of 2014, in MTV, I was acting in front of the word``feminist"of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star to embrace the feminist and make women know, and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
I spent time, cultural critics started endless arguments if beauty was or not a feminist.
They rating their feminist, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully a lot.
We go much beyond the critical and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of departure.
But what happens after?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to notice, going to action and being a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we demand change affecting effectively to their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have its music to be so partisan?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
It's two magnificent, decisions and bright, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they're appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is visual as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport, the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema on the other side when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as bomb sacks.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to engage in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an sufficient number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
Because we're not serious . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in the directors and producers of film and music producers, CEOs, legislators, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also deal with our feminism, good, bad, or anything.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I had my voice, I was stolen, and the feminist helped me pick it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids doubled me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
My voice, and after all I don't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I got into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminist, I also found that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same.
I hope we can all be a little brave, when you need to be a little bit.
Right after Christmas last year , 13 children in California had a measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Cuba.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that sparked the police on autism and disappearing and decentralized, and made by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it, they believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
Autonomy fundraising organizations like autism reflects routinely refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could afford another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Center of Disease Control Center, what's going on, tend to based on phrases like``extended diagnostic criteria ,"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at first?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and carbon progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kennedy, from Johns Hopkins Hospital, in 1947, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to inhabit private worlds, swimming to people around them, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands before their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic for often as they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the base of patients treated in their clinic, Ken speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the topic, I would say that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as he collected reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Kenya for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, they would take that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he was realized that he had made nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis diagnosis.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not craters.
autism called autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and distant parents.
These kids, he said, they've been carefully kept in a fridge that doesn't download.
At the same time, though, Danny noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before it's two years before.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kennedy had a bad opinion of these skills, trying things like kids were simply suggesting what they had heard their parents lost, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers began to test Einstein's theory that autism was weird.
Derek Wong, Congolese cognitive psychologist, thought that the theory of the New York mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susana.
Loren and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without any support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
I published a London suburb called Cambridge to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was clear that Danny model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were rooted in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and killed, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kenyan model in Kenya would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Korea found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the year next year to Kanzi's article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kennedy knew about this article of competition, but I avoided him, he was going to say it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, Moore's husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with differences of learning were programs even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the music classes with music, and kids followed their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability for life that required compassion of support and adaptive spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and I decided to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would open an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism painting is essential.
Loren and Judy discovered that Kanzi was wrong in that autism was an amazing, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a victim, suggesting the Kingdom limited model for a wide and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall on a broken bag.
coincidentally, when Lord and Judith worked between the wings to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I went out,``Rain Man ,"in 1988, just a little circle, running out of experts knew what autism was, but after the unacceptable performance of Dusty Hoffman, and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four prize awards, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world know what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to use autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little experts of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"the changes in criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics began to rise, as they predicted Loren and Judith, they were actually expected to be, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis . A simple, powerful, serious credible history as bad as the Einstein theory that autism was an amazing.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles for solving the new medical advances, using the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neurogenesis is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distorted, interestingly social, and suffers from an attention deficit.
Certainly, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most restless aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zimbaba Zacks once said,``We need all the hands in covered to eradicate the ship of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
